6.   PUBLIC   HEARING:    The   City   Council    will   consider
     modifications to Palo Alto Municipal Code section 18.32.070
     regulating the height of solid walls or fences required to
     be constructed and maintained on properties within the
     Public Facilities (PF) zone where the property abuts any
     residentially zoned property. The existing requirement is
     that the height of the wall or fence be within the range of
     five and eight feet. The modification to be considered
     would provide for the maximum height to be within a range
     of eight feet to ten feet where the additional height is
     needed for mitigation of environmental impacts resulting
     from the use of the Public Facilities zoned property.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said staff was asking the Council to
amend the Palo Alto Municipal Code (PAMC) to assure the law was
clear at the time the trial court heard the case. Under
California law, the relevant rules on cases, such as the one
being presented, were the ones in effect at the time the matter
was heard by the Court. Staffâ€™s recommendation that the Council
choose that route did not indicate the Council action was
unlawful. He believed the Council had the power to require a 10-
foot sound mitigation wall. The Public Facility (PF) zoning
required a wall between 5 to 8 feet in height along common
property lines. That wall would provide a minimum level of
protection for neighbors from the PF use. The Council had
evidence that a wall higher than 8 feet would be useful in
reducing the fair amount of noise from the outdoor skating
facility and the use of the tennis court.

Director of Planning and Community and Environment Steven Emslie
said the proposed legislation would end an apparent conflict, as
described by the City Attorney, and would provide clarity to
staff when implementing mitigation measures. Staff was in
support of the legislation.

Vice-Chair of the Planning and Transportation Commission (P&TC)
Bonnie Packard explained the actions of the Planning and
Transportation Commission (P&TC) meeting held in August 2002.
The P&TC members looked at the Ordinance change to see if it
made sense and could be applied to any situation. There was
concern about the procedural questions being raised and whether
staff should look further into the fence ordinance before moving
forward. The P&TC approved moving forward with the proposed
change to the ordinance in a 4-2 vote.

Natalie Fisher, 736 Ellsworth Place, said changing the law after
the judgment was filed seemed unfair and unethical to many
people in the City and was a poor precedent to set. She urged
the Council not to let the wall height for Price Court residents
09/17/02                                                  94-407
