Council Member Burch asked if this item could be continued
since more detailed information was required.

Mr. Roberts said the fuel consortium would be meeting at the
end of the month to review the program and had requested a
response from Palo Alto as to whether or not this site would be
available. He said we could risk losing the opportunity if it
were delayed.

Council Member Freeman said she did not want to be in a
position where there was an opportunity for an environmentally
friendly solution. The goal was to ensure that all safety
angles were covered.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Lytle moved to continue the
item for one week to get a report from the City Attorney as to
what review process it would receive out of the Site and Design
Ordinance before taking a vote, and what kind of environmental
backup there would be for that process.

MOTION FAILED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Mr. Benest said Mr. Roberts had been handling the project and
would be on vacation the next week.

Council Member Lytle said Mr. Roberts had answered the question
but additional information was needed from the City Attorney.

Council Member Freeman asked whether they could move forward
with this item and direct the City Attorney to respond.

Mr. Benest suggested that if Council wanted to undertake the
effort as part of the Cityâ€™s commitment to environmental
management and new technologies, he proposed Council consider
and vote on it that evening. Within a week staff would report
back to the Council stating what the PAMC actually required and
the implications for the project in terms of site and design.

Ms. Furth said it would take five votes for approval.

Council Member Lytle asked to hear from speaker Emily Renzel
prior to voting.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, said a simple solution would
have been if the contract stated to join without site
specification. The motion would be to approve the contract but
expect normal City process to apply to the land use.


10/07/02                                                 94-482
