Jackie Durant, 4250 El Camino Real, stated she had hoped staff
would address the fundamental ailments of the BMR program. She
said the report did not address the issue of the Cityâ€™s 80
percent virtual ownership of each unit and the financial
responsibility of the City to pay 80 percent of each of the
assessments.   The report only spoke of loans and the current
qualifications for loan eligibility. The report claimed that
only six to eight of every 13 homeowners asking for help would
be eligible under the current qualifications. The proposal was
a step in the right direction and was the beginning of a needed
change to the BMR program.    She requested the addition of two
items to the proposal; the emergency funds for qualifying
homeowners, and the California Housing Finance Agency (CHFA)
application submitted to the State. She said all the other
issues contained in the proposal needed clarification, and she
believed the proposal to be incomplete.

Stephanie Munoz, 101 Alma Street, stated if the City owned 80
percent of the market value of the units, then the City should
pay 80 percent of the assessments.

MOTION: Council Member Kleinberg moved, seconded by Morton, to
approve the staff recommendation as follows: 1) direct the
Director of the Administrative Services Department to establish
a new special revenue fund named the Below Market Rate (BMR)
Program Emergency Fund to provide a source of funds to prevent
the loss of BMR ownership units and to provide emergency
assistance to BMR unit owners facing substantial, mandatory
condominium association assessments; 2) approve the general
criteria and terms in CMR:378:02 for the emergency loans and
authorize the Director of Planning and Community Environment to
finalize the criteria with the advice of the loan administrator;
3)   direct  the  City   Manager  to   select  a   loan  program
administrator and, if it should be an outside agency, negotiate
an agreement for loan administration services; 4) adopt the
Budget Amendment Ordinance to appropriate $150,000 from the
Residential Housing In-Lieu Fund to the new BMR Emergency Fund
for the initial funding of emergency assessment loans at Abitare
and Redwoods and for loan administrations costs; 5) direct staff
to deposit the net sales proceeds from the August 27th sale of
the formerly City-owned BMR unit at 2464 West Bayshore Road into
the new BMR Emergency Fund, for initial funding of BMR unit
preservations costs; 6) authorize the City Manager to submit a
funding application to the California Housing Finance Agency
(CHFA) for up to a $500,000 loan from the Housing Enabled by
Local Partnership (HELP) Program and to return to Council prior
to the September 27th application deadline for adoption of the
formal resolution required as part of the HELP application; 7)
direct the City Manager to develop and implement an assignment
09/09/02                                                  94-391
