regulations throughout the City.    He said there were several
opinions throughout the community regarding the SOFA 2 Plan and
encouraged Council and community members to contact the Chamber
regarding the positions outlined in the October 1, 2002, letter
included in the packet.

Heather Trossman, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, felt the
proposed regulations needed modification in order to address
several areas of concern.       The Board was concerned about
financial feasibility shortfalls described in the economic
analysis studies prepared by BAE and Sedway Group.         Both
studies showed shortfalls in residual land values occurring in
a variety of projects with a variety of P&TC proposed densities
and land cost assumptions.    She felt the projected shortfalls
required further consideration.

Tracy Hutchison, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, spoke regarding
issues on commercial use such as parking and traffic concerns,
as outlined in a letter to Council dated October 1, 2002.

Steve Pierce, 209 Cowper Street, spoke regarding housing FAR
with respect to retail and office issues.

Sally Probst, 735 Coastland Drive, spoke regarding the SOFA 2
Plan, which requirements were too restrictive. She said the
City needed more low-income residential units and more
attainable housing.   The Working Group version of the SOFA 2
Plan had FARâ€™s too low, parking too high and density too low.
If the City wanted housing, mixed use, locations near transits,
they should not adopt the proposed SOFA 2 Plan without a number
of modifications.

Janet Stone, representing Greenbelt Alliance, 530 Bush Street,
San Francisco, said she was in full support of the SOFA 2 Plan.
She spoke regarding issues on FAR such as residential densities
and parking.   She said the FAR restrictions for the Planned
Community (PC) districts were counterproductive to achieving
the transit-oriented higher density housing for the area.
Although the allowable FAR was greater than the base RT-35, it
was insufficient in promoting higher density residential or
residential mixed-used development.    The density limitations
discouraged building smaller, more affordable units. If Council
decided to employ FAR requirements, she suggested the use of
standards that made transit-oriented developments economically
feasible.

Curtis Peterson, 909 Alma Street, said if Palo Alto wanted
housing in the SOFA 2 they needed to retain the current PC

10/07/02                                                 94-473
