       Ordinance of the Council of the City of Palo Alto
       Amending Palo Alto Municipal Code Section 18.88.160
       Pertaining to Vehicle Equipment Repair and Storage

MOTION: Vice Mayor Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
open and continue Item No. 10 to October 15, 2002.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0.

10A.       (Old Item No. 5) Utilities Advisory Commission
           Recommendation    on  Trinity   River  Restoration
           Litigation     and   Scheduling    the   Council’s
           Consideration of This Issue

MOTION: Council Member Morton moved, seconded by Burch, to
continue Item No. 10A to October 21, 2002.

Council Member Freeman said she asked to have item 10A
removed because the Council’s prior motion on August 5,
2002, was that the item would return so Council would be
able to take action. The report to the Council did not have
that as an option but asked that the item be extended to an
uncertain date. When the motion returned to the Council,
she wanted it in the form that was described in the
minutes.

Council Member Lytle said several Council Members wanted
the item on the agenda for action on August 5, 2002, but
were informed by the City Attorney that the Council was not
able to take action.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Freeman moved, seconded
by Lytle, that the item would return to Council on October
15, 2002, allowing the Council to make a decision informing
all interested parties and the necessary staff would be in
attendance.

Mayor Ojakian asked Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison
whether the item could be agendized for October 15, 2002.

Ms. Harrison said she had to consult with the City Clerk
because there were several noticed public hearings for that
date.

Council Member Beecham opposed the substitute motion. He
spoke with Mr. Spreck Rosekrans of Environmental Defense



09/23/02                                               94-442
