(Chapter 5 of each document). The differences included: Floor
Area Ratio (FAR); height; parking standards; type of office
limitations; whether planned community (PC) zones should be
allowed; and how to address nonconforming uses.

Council Member Kishimoto said the Council was entering the
critical last segment of two years of hard work on the SOFA
Coordinated Area Plan (CAP) Phase 2. She had joined the Working
Group at the end of Phase 1 where it was decided there was a
need for a unified vision to guide Palo Altoâ€™s future land use
decisions. She felt there was a high degree of frustration and
distrust, and the Council needed to learn from the mistakes
made in Phase 1. The next two months were critical to the
process, and it was important not to rush the last step. The
Council was being asked to weigh several issues: 1) the number
of new housing units versus, or combined with, consideration of
the infrastructure or services; 2) controlling the rate of
change or development; 3) density, heights, and Planned
Community (PC) developments, which brought about fear regarding
traffic, impact on the neighborhood streets, massing, and too
much building. As Council liaison, she asked that the ARB
review the staff recommended version. The Council owed it to
the neighborhood as well as developers to evaluate how it all
worked together and how it interfaced with existing zoning.

Mayor Ojakian declared the Public Hearing open at 10:05 p.m.

David Bubenik, 420 Homer Avenue, recommended the joint plan
worked on between City staff and the Working Group be reviewed
by the PT&C.   He felt there should be one plan and suggested
the joint plan be brought to Council for consideration.

Harold Justman, 828 Ramona Street, said zoning plans are about
social relationships that improved the neighborhood.    Zoning
laws should be founded on democratic principles.

Mary Smitheram-Sheldon, Sedway Group, 505 Montgomery Street,
Suite 600, San Francisco, said the Sedway Group was a real
estate and urban economic consulting firm retained by Palo Alto
High Street Partners to review the economic analysis of the
SOFA 2 Plan prepared by Bay Area Economics.

Mark Sabin, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, said he was
concerned the proposed SOFA 2 Plan acted as a precursor to
specific zoning plans for other sensitive areas in the City.
The proposed SOFA 2 Plan took four plus years to complete. The
Chamber felt the Citywide zoning ordinance amendments, as
dictated by the adoption of the 1996 Comprehensive Plan update,
were the proper way to insure the application of zoning
10/07/02                                                 94-472
