Mr. Benest said unless there was something different on Council
Member Lytleâ€™s list, basically she was asking staff to respond
to policy questions and concerns that were not data issues.

Council Member Lytle said an item that might require additional
calculations of cost would be getting a three-dimensional model
to illustrate those differences in the recommendations.

Mr. Benest said he would find out what the time and cost would
be and would let Council know.

Mr. Emslie said Freedman, Tung & Bottomley had done most of the
work and could explore what it would take to complete the
study.

Council Member Lytle said that would be helpful. The last thing
would be to build off of the Chamber chart and add existing
zoning to compare what was in place and to add carrying
capacity information to the chart, such as population capacity,
jobs, parking needs, school enrollment capacity, and childcare
capacity issues.

Mr. Benest asked what carrying capacity issues staff needed to
review.

Council Member Kishimoto said she was going to submit her
questions electronically.   She wanted to bring up the review
issue and questioned whether the new staff recommendations and
the historic issues should go back to the P&TC or HRB, which
boards or commissions should review, and if it would be helpful
for the ARB to review. She questioned how the Council would be
able to reach an agreement on a large mixture of options and on
40 different parameters.

Major Ojakian said since there was only six participants, it
would take five votes to pass on whatever Council ultimately
decided.

Council Member Burch asked if Council were short of a majority
would there be a lottery to bring more Council in to vote.

Ms. Furth said that was correct.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether some type of structure
should be in place prior to the next meeting.

Major Ojakian said a timeline would be set within the upcoming
week of when questions needed to be submitted. He would work

10/07/02                                                 94-476
