The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date
in the Council Chambers at 6:03 p.m.

PRESENT:   Beecham, Burch, Freeman, Kishimoto, Kleinberg,
           Lytle (arrived at 6:22 p.m.), Morton, Mossar,
           Ojakian

STUDY SESSION

1.   Status Report on Zoning Ordinance Update

Vice Mayor Mossar stated she would not participate in the
item due to a conflict of interest because her husband was
employed by Stanford University and would only participate
on properties east of El Camino Real.
Council Member Kleinberg stated she would not participate
in the item due to a potential conflict of interest because
her husband’s law firm represented Stanford in land use
matters and would only participate on properties east of El
Camino Real.
Director of Planning and Community Environment Stephen
Emslie stated he would not participate in discussions
regarding Stanford due to a conflict of interest because of
his wife’s former employment with Stanford.

The staff provided a status report of the Zoning Ordinance
Update. Specifically, the update focused on the Industrial
Manufacturing Zoning Districts, the development of design
prototypes for specific development type, and the use of
“form code” in the zoning ordinance. In addition, the
Council was provided a report on other elements, including
low-density residential zoning, public outreach and new
consulting services for parking and economic analysis. The
Council provided questions and comments ranging from
utilizing the Comprehensive Plan policies, to restricting
offices in industrial zones, to analyzing jobs/housing with
zoning districts, to developing second units.

No action required.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 6:53 p.m.




09/23/02                                             94-425
