Mr. Calonne said he did not believe so. Environmental law
required some other source of power to make its recommendations
happen. The fact that a 10-foot sound wall was recommended did
not independently authorize the Council to do so.

Council Member Freeman asked whether CEQA compliance required a
10-foot sound wall if the City did not have it presently listed
in the ordinance.

Mr. Calonne said he did not believe that just because the PAMC
required 8 feet, it could not extend higher. The Council had the
policy power in developing conditional use permits to impose
reasonable measures to protect the health and safety of the
public.

Council Member Freeman said she would like to add a condition
that anytime a 10-foot wall was considered around a PF zoned
property, the Council would need to address it, there would be
public hearings, and it would not be allowed through planning
alone.

Council Member Burch said he hoped the decision made        that
evening would resolve the issue. He supported the motion.

Council Member Kleinberg said the CSI had put forth many
mitigated measures. Nine years prior, the Council thought it was
an important project for the community and for the youth. She
supported the motion.

Mayor Ojakian supported the motion. He expressed concern about
changing the fence ordinance in PF zones and having 10â€“foot
walls put up.


Council Member Freeman said there should be flexibility given to
have the wall moved within the buffer zone instead of directly
on the property line, as a mitigation to the property owner.

Mr. Calonne asked whether the desired flexibility was in the 10-
foot provision or the entire ordinance.

Council Member Kishimoto said it applied to any wall.

Council Member Freeman said it gave the option for the fence to
be located at the property line or in the buffer zone.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the intent of the motion
was to impact the Price Court and Ellsworth properties.

09/17/02                                                  94-413
