Council Member Lytle believed the intent of the City was to put
the property back into public recreational use. The City needed
to do the best it could to achieve City policy. She supported
the motion.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether staff could clarify the
conditions of use, as related to the hours of operation for the
tennis courts and lighting.

Mr. Calonne said the conditions of the use permit approved by
the Council were subsequently abandoned. Afterwards, a letter
was sent to CSI directing compliance with the major conditions,
as required by the lease. Those conditions included hours of
operation limitations, removal of the security lighting to
prevent improper nighttime use, and posting of a 24-hour contact
number.

Council Member Kishimoto questioned whether trees had been
removed in front of Ms. Wangâ€™s property. She said the PF Zoning
required a 10-foot landscaped buffer.

Chief Planning Official Lisa Grote said as part of the
Conditional Use Permit there were two rows of landscaping to be
included in front of the new sound wall. Some of the existing
trees would remain and others were approved for removal.

Council Member Kishimoto asked the City Attorney for a response
to allegations raised by Mr. Borock in his letter to the
Council.

Mr. Calonne said the Planning Division acknowledged the PT&C
public hearing notice did not have the customary 12-day notice.
However, under State law the meeting was noticed properly and,
if the error was not prejudicial, it did not provide grounds for
overturning the decision. He said that another concern had to do
with the propriety of a variance. He would be more concerned
about the Council attempting to grant a variance on the basis
that the property was uniquely situated than on a code
amendment. The purpose of the sound wall was to mitigate what
was claimed to be a significant environmental impact. If the
ordinance amendment were used again, the City would have to go
through an environmental review process.

Council Member Kishimoto commented in the future she hoped that
City staff would comply with the public hearing requirements.
She also said mitigations could also cause environmental
impacts.


09/17/02                                                  94-411
