Mr. Roberts said the $500 a year was an estimate for minimal
consumptions of water and electricity.

Council Member Freeman asked whether it would be okay at $500 a
year.

Mr. Roberts said yes.

Council Member Freeman asked what the scope was of the
Associate Partner level. She said the Associate Partner level
was clearly described in the staff report (CMR:395:02), but it
did not describe what Associate Partner level meant as a member
of the group.

Mr. Roberts said they were a non-voting member of the
consortium and would provide a host site for a fueling
facility. There were no other responsibilities or obligations.

Council Member Freeman asked if the City was provided with
cars.

Mr. Roberts said not at that stage.         The agreement only
guaranteed a host station through 2003 and provided opportunity
for the future in 2004 and 2005 to be fleet users, yet to be
developed contingent upon the manufacturerâ€™s determination.

Council Member Freeman asked whether the City would have a
fueling station with nothing to fill.

Mr. Roberts said there would be usage during 2003 by the
manufacturers running their prototype test vehicles in Northern
California for developmental purposes and the vehicles would be
fueled at our fueling site.     Anything beyond 2003 was to be
determined by the voting members of the partnership including
the California Resources Board.

Council Member Freeman asked if there were any safety issues
regarding the fueling station.

Mr. Roberts said the Fire Department was informed of the
material.   The material was reviewed for all compliance with
the hazardous material codes and fire safety. The conclusion
was it had the same degree of risk as at the Municipal Service
Center (MSC) for natural compressed vehicle fueling. In regard
to the site location, they found it was at a much lower risk
potential than the other chemicals and processes located at the
RWQCP. In reviewing the project with the Real Estate Department
and Utilities, it was determined that was the best location for
the fueling station.
10/07/02                                                 94-481
