MOTION: Council Member Morton, seconded by Beecham, that the
City Council decline to hear the appeal, thereby upholding the
Director of Planning and Community Environmentâ€™s approval.

Council Member Morton said he was in favor of moving forward,
supporting staff's recommendation, and allowing the homeowners
to complete their project.

Council Member Beecham said the process setup by Council allowed
the public to ask the Council to make the determination to
accept or not accept to review the appeal. If the Council
accepted the appeal, the decision would be based on the belief
the   Director's  decision   was  unreasonable   or  staff   had
misinterpreted the adopted ordinance. He did not believe that
standard had been reached, and was in support of staff's
recommendation.

Council Member Lytle asked whether staff had determined the
number of public street trees that would need to be removed as a
result of moving the house.

Director of Planning and Community Environment Steven Emslie
said Managing Arborist Dave Sandage indicated there were two
trees on the site that would have to be removed.

Council Member Lytle commented the trees at the receptor site
would not have to be removed.

Mr. Emslie said that was correct.

Council Member Lytle clarified the trees along the route would
not have to be significantly trimmed.

Mr. Emslie said no pruning or trimming was required along the
route.

Council Member Lytle asked whether the new home was able to look
into the rear yard of the potential appellant's home.

Chief   Planning Official Lisa Grote said a person would need to
stand   at the window in order to look into the appellant's rear
yard.   In addition, the only available wall space for a bed or
large   piece of furniture was under the window in question.

Council Member Lytle said the solar analysis indicated a
significantly greater shadow cast in the winter months on the
appellant's backyard pool area.


10/21/02                                                   95-12
