proposal that addressed the tennis court issues was the
modified scheme. The modified scheme was presented at the
September 18, 2002, meeting. Members of the Club supported
the modified scheme.

Wayne Martin, 3687 Bryant Street, said the circulation of
the Library usage was in general decline for the past ten
years. The City Manager claimed that during the following
ten years, approximately $1.5 billion would flow through
the General Fund, but yet the City claimed it could not
fund $6 million for a childrenâ€™s library. The need for a
large building in the park, based on usage alone, was not
clear. John Burwald called him and asked him to speak on
his behalf. Mr. Burwald felt the project split the
community and should be put back in committee for one or
two years. The measure should be taken off the ballot
before other issues came up that would pit group against
group in the community over the financing of the Library.
Glenn Affleck, 3830 May Court, supported the improvement of
the Library and Community Center, but not at the sacrifice
of other park features. At a meeting in June 2002, the
architect presented six potential locations for the large
building in Mitchell Park. All six alternatives included
removal of the two tennis courts, which was the first time
he heard that the Council voted to relocate the two tennis
courts. At the August 21, 2002, meeting, the model of the
proposed Library/Community Center was first presented in a
physical form, and the audience raised the issue about the
relocation of the tennis courts as a major concern. The
modified scheme showed the retention of the two tennis
courts. A staff member discussed the alternatives for the
tennis courts by using Cubberley and Terman. The JLS courts
were padlocked because the PAUSD had a strict policy
against allowing the City Recreation Department to use
their facility. The courts were undersized. Lights would
not be placed at Cubberley without objection from the
neighbors.

Parks and Recreation Commissioner Richard Beckwith, 2325
Columbia Street, was an advocate for playing fields and
youth. He supported the current plan. The City was capable
of moving the courts to locations that were comparable or
better. The existing paddleball courts were undersized. The
paddleball players were elated to hear the City considered
relocating and correcting the size of the paddleball
courts.



09/23/02                                             94-435
