Mayor Ojakian said the proposal before       the   Council   was   a
recommendation from the Finance Committee.

Council Member Burch, said as Chair of the Finance Committee,
the Council adopted ordinances related to the development impact
fees in March 2002 and then referred the matter to the Finance
Committee for further study on a number of issues. The Finance
Committee voted 4-0 to exempt new childcare facilities from
development impact fees for parks, community centers, and
libraries. The vote was 4-0 to establish a category of large new
homes greater than 3,000 square feet, and to modify the
Municipal Fee Schedule (MFS) to increase the fee charge to that
category of homes to the full recovery level. Additionally, the
Committee voted in agreement to establish a new category of
small multi-family units less than 900 square feet, and modify
the MFS to decrease the fee charge for that category of homes.
Although the fees were not large, a message was sent of the
preference to discourage large homes and encourage smaller
buildings. The vote was 4-0 to direct an Environmental Impact
Report (EIR) for new development in the Stanford Research Park
to include an analysis of a range of transportation mitigation
and traffic calming measures. The Committee acknowledged there
was a nexus study for citywide transportation impact fees, which
would evaluate alternative transportation improvements planned
for completion in 2003. The vote was 3-1 to establish a one-time
1,500-square-foot per site exemption from impact fees for new
space, which, by law, could only be used for retail, restaurant,
automotive, or personal service. The Finance Committee did not
vote to expand the exemption for below market rate (BMR) units
because they felt it was not appropriate to reward developers
for including units that were already required.

Chuck   Bradley,  2957   Waverley   Street,   said  he  strongly
recommended the City Council exempt single-family homes from the
ordinance because it was an excessive financial burden.

Deborah Ju, 371 Whitclem Drive, urged the Council to eliminate
an exemption to the current provision governing development
impact fees, which provided that mixed-use projects had to pay
either the commercial development impact fee or the residential
BMR or in-lieu fee, whichever was greater. The looseness of the
mixed-use provision made it vulnerable to spurious claims and
led to the loss of a great deal of money to the Cityâ€™s housing
trust fund.

Mark Sabin, 533 Alberta Avenue, Sunnyvale, said the multi-family
units of 900 square feet or less would only provide a two-
bedroom home, which did not allow for much of a family. He urged
the Council to increase the square-footage for multi-family
09/17/02                                                  94-415
