Vice Mayor Mossar said staff brought back a staff report
that would have allowed the Council to take action. Staff
did what they were asked to do.

Council Member Kishimoto said there was a high level of
frustration because the issue on the current agenda was the
second time the Council had expected to take action. The
item should be agendized for October 15, 2002, or October
21, 2002, regardless of the summary judgment.

Council Member Morton said the Council made three motions
and all had the sense that the Council wanted staff to
agendize the item when all interested parties could
participate. The substitute motion was not supported. The
item should be heard on the night that staff agendized it,
which was October 21, 2002.

Council Member Lytle said she was under the impression the
Council was not able to take action based on the way the
agenda item was written.

Mr. Calonne said the Council could take action on the UAC
recommendation if it chose to.

Council Member Lytle removed herself as seconder of the
motion.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION DIED FOR LACK OF A SECOND

Council Member Freeman was concerned about information that
was presented and the processes the Council went through.
The proposed recommendation did not include anything about
making a decision on whether or not the Council wanted to
continue with the City of Palo Alto on the lawsuit.

Mr. Calonne said the Brown Act called for a brief general
description of the action to be taken. The title of the
subject item talked about a recommendation from the UAC and
scheduling    the   Council’s   consideration.    The   UAC
recommendation was detailed in the staff report, and the
UAC voted to support the ongoing involvement in the
litigation. The notice was adequate. At the prior meeting,
he felt the agenda title was not detailed enough to let
interested parties know that the Council might vote on the
matter.

MOTION PASSED 8-1, Kishimoto “no.”


09/23/02                                             94-444
