earlier in the day, and Mr. Rosekrans requested that the
item remain on the October 21, 2002, agenda.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the item could be
considered early in October.

Council Member Burch said Council Member Freeman made a
comment that the Council made a decision, which was not
reflected in the minutes and asked whether or not that was
true.

Council Member Beecham said he had listened to the tape of
the meeting. The second motion was the directive for
bringing the item back and was restated three times. The
staffâ€™s summary of the motion was reasonably accurate.

City Manager Benest took responsibility for the staff
recommendation to bring the item back in October. Staff
felt the Council would benefit from knowing the initial
judgment by the judge. Staff tried to help the Council
manage its agenda in order that a full discussion was not
held twice.

Council Member Freeman referred to the minutes of August 5,
2002, page 94-349, which stated that the issue of the
Trinity River be agendized. The Council was presented with
a request for an extension and no action.

Council Member Beecham believed the staff recommendation
was calculated to have the item return to the Council in
order for the Council to take action prior to any action
taken at NCPA and at a time when all interested parties
were available.

Assistant City Manager Harrison said the item could be
agendized for October 15, 2002, if that was what the
Council wished.

Council Member Lytle said the ability to have flexibility
to do what the Council wanted had to be a fundamental,
sacred trust.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, said the motion made on August
5, 2002, asked that the item be brought back for action.
The Council directed staff to do things. Council Members
needed to help the maker and seconder of the motion improve
the motion if necessary.


09/23/02                                             94-443
