Hill Road mitigations. The project was tentatively scheduled to
go before the Menlo Park City Council on September 24, 2002.
Palo Alto City staff has requested a copy of the plans, which
included a new trail through the golf course and will be
reviewing them for compliance with the Sand Hill development
agreement and Final Environmental Impact Review documents.
Additionally, an update to the County Expressway Study will be
presented to the council and public.

Council Member Lytle wished to reinforce a concern of the public
regarding the issue of Mitchell Park site design.      She asked
that the issue be agendized for discussion at the next Council
meeting.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison said the item was
agendized for September 30, 2002, or Council could discuss on
September 23, 2002, with a verbal report to Council.

Council Member Beecham spoke regarding the Trinity River and
securing the Judge’s opinion on the legal matter.

Council Member Kishimoto announced the staff      reports   (CMR’s)
were on-line two weeks early for public review.

Mayor Ojakian reminded his colleagues that next week’s Council
meeting would be held on Tuesday, September 17, 2002, at the
Cubberley Theatre. Council would also meet with Assemblyman Joe
Simitian on Tuesday, September 10th, in the Council Conference
Room.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 9:15 p.m.


ATTEST:                            APPROVED:




City Clerk                         Mayor


NOTE: Sense minutes (synopsis) are prepared in accordance with
Palo Alto Municipal Code Sections 2.04.180(a) and (b). The City
Council and Standing Committee meeting tapes are made solely for
the purpose of facilitating the preparation of the minutes of
the meetings. City Council and Standing Committee meeting tapes
are recycled 90 days from the date of the meeting. The tapes are
available for members of the public to listen to during regular
office hours.
09/09/02                                                  94-398
