emphasized conventional financing whenever possible. The BMR
program had been successful and continued to acquire rental and
ownership units. The City was a leader in implementing the BMR
program in 1974 and there were elements of the program, which
needed review. A Study Session in January 2003 would be
scheduled for Council to discuss more long-term issues such as
the enforcement program and amendments to deed restrictions. As
units turned over through attrition, $20,000 would be taken out
of each sale and placed in a revolving fund that would be used
to make the emergency loans.   Because the program had not been
implemented, it would be necessary to have the housing fund
front $150,000 to be used to address immediate needs in the
program. That money would ultimately be paid back as units were
turned over and the equity was extracted up to the $20,000
limit. The City petitioned the State for funds from the HELP
program, which was a loan program that served the proposed need,
and the City met the basic criteria of the loan application. If
the City were successful in gaining the State funds, monies
taken from the BMR program would be offset by the outside
funding source. The Cityâ€™s vision for the program was for it to
become self-funded.

Planning Division Housing Coordinator Catherine Siegel said the
general criteria for emergency loans was detailed in Attachment
B of the staff report (CMR:378:02) and outlined the standards,
criteria, and system of priorities proposed by staff for the
actual operation of the program. General standards would be used
to determine whether the City would consider making loans for
assessments in a given condominium project.     The loans would
only be made for mandatory assessments imposed by a condominium
association on all the owners for capital repairs and
improvements. Loans would not be available for individual owners
who might want to do remodeling or repairs on the interior of
their units. The established threshold for the minimum amount of
the assessment would be proposed at $10,000. The assumption was
that limited funds would be available and the focus was on the
most serious problems. The loans were contingent on funds being
available from the housing funds or outside sources, such as
grants or loans. No monies from the General Fund were used for
the proposal or for any outside contract administration costs.
Staff explored options for administration with the assistance of
Palo Alto Housing Corporation (PAHC). The PAHC made a contact
with a local lender whose community Reinvestment Acts Officer
expressed interest in assisting the City with the program. City
staff met with the manager of the Palo Alto Credit Union. Staff
developed criteria would be to be used in identifying the owners
who were eligible to receive loans. General criteria related to
compliance with the goals, objectives, and requirements of the
BMR program. The owners had to be in occupancy of the unit and
09/09/02                                                  94-388
