Council Member Kleinberg asked where the request for the
work on the modified plan came from.

Ms. Harrison said the request came from Project Planner Bob
Morris.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how a modified plan that was
not discussed by the Council or LAC was developed.

Ms. Harrison said staff attempted to physically try to fit
the building, with relocating the tennis courts.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified the plan was totally
conceptualized because of staffâ€™s response to concerns that
were voiced at the August 21, 2002, meeting. The plan had
not gone through the City process.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct.

Council Member Kleinberg said both plans took care of the
issue of children having to cross parking lots and not
being in danger.

Ms. Merkes said students had to cross the driveway and go
through the parking lot to get to the Library and Community
Center. Both options allowed for a safer route for
pedestrians.

Council Member Kleinberg asked what the cost would be to
renovate the tennis courts after construction of the
buildings.

Ms. Merkes said there was no estimated cost, which would
probably be a portion of the $400,000 cost to relocate the
courts.

Council Member Lytle asked how far the Community Center and
existing Library were from Middlefield Road.

Ms. Merkes said the modified scheme was five feet closer
than what existed.

Council Member Lytle asked what the setbacks were in the
neighborhood for two-story houses.

Ms. Merkes said she would get the information.



09/23/02                                             94-431
