COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Freeman said City Council Members would be at
various locations on September 28, 2002, for Sidewalk Office
Hours.

Mayor Ojakian said staff and some of the Council Members would
attend a meeting at Mitchell Park on September 18, 2002, to get
input on the proposed Mitchell Park Library and Community Center
Complex. He also thanked staff members, KZSU, Mid-Peninsula
Community Media Center (MCMC), and others who made it possible
to hold tonightâ€™s meeting offsite.

Council Member Lytle expressed the opinion the City may be at a
disadvantage because they did not currently have a Zoning
Administrator.

CLOSED SESSION

8.   (Old Item No. 5) Conference with City Attorney -- Existing
     Litigation Subject: Jaim Nulman, Avelyn Welczer v. City of
     Palo Alto, SCC #CV779831
     Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, referred to a letter put at Council
places that evening regarding litigation on the trade of
dedicated parkland without the vote of the people. In his letter
were attached minutes that expressed the opinion that the vote
of the people was required. He said any solutions that involved
Real Estate (RE) transactions should be properly noticed under
the Brown Act. The size of the parcel in question was over 1.5
acres and there was a 1-acre minimum requirement in the RE zone.
There was a provision for creating a solution.

The City Council met in Closed Session to discuss matters
involving existing litigation as described in Agenda Item No. 8.

Mayor Ojakian announced that no reportable action was taken on
Agenda Item No. 8.

ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned to a Closed Session at 10:40
p.m.

FINAL ADJOURNMENT: The meeting adjourned at 10:55 p.m. in honor
of Dan Logan, Executive Director of Midpeninsula YMCA, for a
speedy recovery from a recent bicycle accident.




09/17/02                                                  94-420
