comment on architectural alternatives will ensure the most
“neighborhood-sensitive” design for the Mitchell Park
facility.

Council Member Freeman heard differing opinions on the
actual architecture. More community input was essential in
creating the cohesiveness that was needed to ensure the
passing of the bond measure.

Council Member Kleinberg asked how the proposal for the
design options for the exterior of the building in an open
public evaluation process were different from what the
Council had decided to do.

Ms. Harrison did not believe there was anything different
from the process that was normally followed.

Council Member Kleinberg asked whether the language of the
alternatives insuring the most neighborhood sensitive
design was in keeping with the Comprehensive Plan (Comp
Plan) or any other rules.

Ms. Schimpp said the process included going before the
boards and commissions for review and recommendation to the
Council.

Ms. Harrison said there were usually different things that
were weighed in design decisions.

Mr. Benest said a key criterion was having neighborhood-
friendly and neighborhood-sensitive designs.

Council Member Morton said he was involved in the community
meetings since the beginning of the process. He asked what
might be done differently than what was already done.

Ms. Harrison asked whether the Council’s intent was to
insure that staff received direction to be sensitive to the
neighborhood in moving forward in the design process.

Council Member Lytle said her understanding of the language
was that the Council had a certain architectural style
before it such as a steel and glass contemporary type look.
The Council wanted to see choices and a process established
where the community could weigh in on the choices to assure
the Council got the most neighborhood-sensitive style. The



09/23/02                                             94-453
