recommendation would then come back to the full Council for
consideration.

Karen Homan, 725 Homer Street, was in support of the motion and
acknowledged Enid Pearson for all her hard work, dedication and
leadership.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, asked that the Hispanic-
heritage name, Arastradero, not be abolished but to erect a memorial
in honor of Ms. Pearson..

Betsy Allyn, 4186 Willmar Drive, spoke of Ms. Pearson’s leadership,
dedication and hard work in preserving the City’s parks and open
space.

Emily Renzel, 1056 Forest Avenue, commented Ms. Pearson worked
hard in establishing and preserving the parks throughout the City.

Council Member Kleinberg spoke of Ms. Pearson’s outstanding role in
preserving the natural environment of Palo Alto.

Council Member Lytle said if the process became a controversial
matter, to perhaps change the name to Pearson-Arastradero Preserve
or purchase a new park to name after Ms. Pearson.

Counsel Member Ojakian said for the record he would be adding the
Council Minutes of March 22, 1965, regarding the Parks Dedication
Ordinance.

Council Member Burch supported the motion.

MOTION PASSED 8-0, Morton absent.

COUNCIL COMMENTS, QUESTIONS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Kleinberg said an issue had come up regarding the
renaming of the Arastradero Preserve and whether it should be referred
to the Parks and Recreation Commission (PARC), including a policy of
how parks were named. There was a policy for the initial naming of
parks but not renaming parks. She suggested the Policy and Services
(P&S) Committee review the policy and update it with regards to the
renaming of a park also to look at how the PARC should be included to
ensure the public would have a voice.


12/01/03                                                      97-111
