was asked whether construction costs had gone up considerably and, if the
costs went up, what were the implications for the IMP Fund.

Ms. Harrison said staff needed to discuss the issue when doing the budget.
Staff estimated construction cost inflation was approximately 4 percent per
year.

Council Member Kishimoto supported the motion because of the work the
community put into the libraries. It was a decision the Council was deciding
to make outside the context of looking at the overall IMP program. The
Council and staff should not look at further expenditures prior to looking at
the overall picture.

Mayor Mossar said she could not support the motion. The City knew it had
$800,000 to spend on the libraries. Decisions about going into the reserves
legitimately belonged in the hands of the budget process.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Mayor Mossar moved, seconded by Kleinberg, to
direct staff to size a public/private partnership to renovate and expand the
libraries up to an $800,000 commitment for the City of Palo Alto.

Council Member Lytle asked how the Council dealt with Mitchell Park. She
shared the sentiments of Council Member Ojakian, who was hopeful the
Council could return with a more full-scale renovation and limit the
expenditures, and Council Member Kleinberg, who wanted the expenditure
evaluated.

Council Member Freeman understood the IMP fund was $30 million.

Ms. Harrison said the reserve at the current time was approximately $30
million. The cost of the two projects was $2.2 million, of which IMP funding
of approximately $1.5 million was originally earmarked.

Council Member Freeman clarified the difference of the net delta was
$691,000 out of $30 million to handle two buildings that were in major
disrepair and needed to be taken care of.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION RESTATED: to direct staff to size a public/private
partnership to renovate and expand the libraries up to a $2.25 million
commitment for the City of Palo Alto for the Childrenâ€™s and Mitchell Park
Libraries.



02/10/03                                                                  13
