Council Member Beecham said he understood the seismic retrofit project was
being done on a bridge that would not be changed in the Sand Hill Road
process.

Mr. Roberts said that was correct; it was a stand-alone project.

Council Member Beecham said the BAO required six positive votes.

MOTION PASSED 6-1, Lytle “no.”

RECESS: 7:52 p.m. to 7:57 p.m.

REPORTS OF OFFICIALS

14.   Reconsideration of City Clerk’s Report on Sufficiency of referendum
      Petitions Regarding Ordinance No. 4779 - Amending Section 18.08.040
      of the Palo Alto Municipal Code (The Zoning Map) to Change the
      Classification of Property Known as 800 High Street From CD-S(P) to
      PC Planned Community and Approving a Variance from a Height
      Requirement

Larry Hassett, owner of Palo Alto Hardware, 875 Alma Street, said his store
would close if zoning for 800 High Street were upheld and it would be due to
lack of sensitivity to adjacent business owners and the Council’s decision.
The store closure would have the following impact: loss of 30 jobs, all but
three held by Palo Alto residents; loss of over $4,000,000 in sales per year
and $400,000 in sales tax revenue per year; a traffic impact due to
customers having to drive to big box retailers; and loss of support to non-
profits, schools, and community programs.

Brian Davis, 443 Tennessee Lane, asked Council not to put the 800 High
Street Ordinance on the November ballot prior to making a decision on the
SOFA 2 Coordinated Area Plan (CAP). He said it would be contrary to an
amendment Council passed on March 31, 2003, that directed staff to return
to Council, preferably at the April 14, 2003; meeting, a timeline that would
enable the discussion of SOFA 2 so a decision could be made by August of
2003.

Bob Moss, 4010 Orme Street, recommended Council rescind the Ordinance.
He said the approved 800 High Street project was excessive and
inappropriate. The Planned Community (PC) zoning pretended to be transit-
oriented but only offered parking spaces. A transit-oriented project required
fewer, not more parking spaces. It was completely incompatible with the
neighborhood and it offered no real benefits to the Community only
detriment.

06/09/03                                                             96-106
