Council Member Freeman said she understood that coyote brush would be
placed along the levee side. Her concern was with the triangle area that
would be devoid.

Mr. Bourgeois said mature plantings would be placed along East Bayshore
Road and the MSC.

Council Member Freeman noticed there were options for short, native
imbedded plants on the sides of creekbeds that made them look more like
vegetation than an earthen opening and asked whether that was planned for
the proposed project.

Susan Landry, Landscape Architect, said the floodwall was approximately
two feet high, which was reduced from a higher bank. The alternative of
planting pockets was looked at. When the floodwall was only two feet high
on the sides, the size of plants had to be very small.

Council Member Freeman asked whether there was any room for greenery.

Ms. Landry said there was a six- or seven-foot wide planting strip around the
MSC. The triangle and area along the frontage road by the bike lane was
planted.

Council Member Freeman clarified there would be no plantings on the two-
foot walls.

Ms. Landry said that was correct.

Mr. Bourgeois said all areas that were disturbed would be hydroseeded with
native grasses.

Council Member Freeman said Emily Renzelâ€™s letter discussed the fact the
new diversion could be a highway for skunks, raccoons, possums, and feral
cats. She asked whether there was anything that might inhibit the animals
from using the area as a superhighway to Midtown.

Mr. Bourgeois said he was unaware of anything that was humane and
acceptable to people in Palo Alto.

Council Member Freeman said a potential pest control issue was created,
and there was no mitigation for the pest control issue.

Mr. Bourgeois said there was a pest control issue, and the SCVWD did not
believe the project significantly increased the amount of pests.

Mr. Roberts said there was no change in the access for wildlife from the
current condition to the project condition.
09/15/03                                                          96-428
