Mr. Benest replied it would be.

Mr. Kott said his department referred to the best practices document in the
plan and would advise Public Works.

Council Member Lytle questioned how pedestrian needs were integrated into
the plan.

Mr. Kott said the bike boulevards guaranteed safer streets to cross and
undercrossings or overcrossings for cyclists would also be available to
pedestrians.

Council Member Lytle said the P&TC recommended phasing out sidewalk
pathways, which was not as safe as what staff recommended, which was the
elimination of sidewalk pathways.

Council Member Burch said phasing out would be where there were safe
alternatives.

Mayor Mossar disagreed.

Council Member Lytle said she wanted to continue. She felt the concept from
the updated plan gave the pedestrians some treatment and all of the
Compensation Plan policies should be considered as to how they relate to
pedestrians and other modes of transportation.

Council Member Kleinberg clarified her seconding the motion; that sidewalk
pathways be removed when it was considered to be safe.

Mayor Mossar believed staff should speak to their recommendation, which
would be different from the P&TCâ€™s.

Mr. Kott reported as the sidewalk bike paths were removed, there would be
education provided on alternatives and parallel alternatives.

Council Member Burch wanted comments on the number of bridges and
tunnels in the north versus the number in the south of Oregon Expressway.

Mr. Kott said only one bridge and/or tunnel was proposed from Oregon
Expressway to San Antonio Road. The concentration in the north had to do
with attracting outside funding for the northern under-crossings because of
the proximity to Caltrain and a multi-modal funding from Federal and State
transportation funds.

Council Member Burch noted school children needed to cross El Camino Real
and Alma Street in a responsible way.

05/19/03                                                                18
