session. Further directions to management negotiators could be done in
closed session.

Council Member Lytle asked if that would require not approving the budget
that evening.

Mr. Benest said no. He suggested the Council could give direction to their
negotiators to negotiate with the unions.

City Attorney Ariel Calonne said the Council had the power to lay people off
during the contract term. The other types of issues the City Manager had
negotiated were issues where the City had no legal right to compel the
unions to discuss those issues ahead of the contract expiring. The Council
had and retained the power to effect layoffs during the contract term, but
did not have the power to unilaterally reopen the contract to adjust pay
rates or other issues. The IAFF contract was coming open July 1, 2003, while
the SEIU contract was coming open on April 30, 2004.

Council Member Lytle asked how Santa Clara County did it.

Mr. Calonne said he imagined the threat of layoffs was the inducement to
SEIU to discuss other issues.

Mayor Mossar said it was not done in two weeks. The City was required by
law to have an adopted balanced budget at the beginning of the fiscal year,
which was July 1, 2003.

Mr. Benest said that was correct.

Mayor Mossar said the Council had a fiduciary responsibility to adopt the
budget by July 1, 2003.

Council Member Lytle said she understood the County moved swiftly to
accomplish their task and did not take layoffs off the table. She queried how
long they took and how they were able to do it.

Mr. Benest said the County was faced with massive layoffs because the
majority of their funding was from Federal and State sources.

Mayor Mossar said she remembered monthâ€™s prior, the County went to the
unions and said take reductions in salary and other benefits. The union said
they would rather have layoffs.

Mr. Benest said the County could do little to avoid layoffs and they went
dramatically into their reserves.

06/16/03                                                                  26
