support strong ethical and open government. She was committed to doing
everything possible to make the City of Palo Alto a place that welcomed
open discussion. The democratic process derived its strength from the frank
exchange of ideas by seeing issues from different sides. She encouraged
everyone to welcome open and public discussion, keep an open mind, and
accept different ideas as relevant and important to the public process. She
discouraged the use of misinformation, rumor, and innuendoes to defeat or
defame a person or group. She asked everyone to help make the Cityâ€™s
government an open and public forum that rested on fairness, trust, and
factual information. She challenged everyone to check information they
received and make certain the information was accurate and from a reliable
and trustworthy source. She was excited about the potential for the coming
year and delighted to work with colleagues and staff to develop working
priorities for the year. That would be done in the context of a two-year
budget for the first time. It was a great opportunity and with goodwill and
the help of the public, Council would be able to make real progress on the
issues facing the City. She expressed her appreciation for the honor of
serving the City and asked for the support of colleagues, staff, and the
public.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Diane Sekimura, 2082 Sandalwood Court, spoke regarding the Edgewood
Redevelopment.

Sylvia Smitham, 2514 Birch Street, noted her thanks and stated a concern
for safety.

Bunny Good, P.O. Box 824, Menlo Park, spoke regarding Steve Staiger -
Taliban Amongst Us.

Mayor Mossar clarified the only action Council would take that evening, as
the Redevelopment Agency would be to continue the Redevelopment Agency
meeting to a date uncertain.

Jinny Henke, 774 Wildwood Lane, spoke regarding the Redevelopment
Agency.

Steven Aronson, 1914        Channing    Avenue,    spoke   regarding   the
Redevelopment Agency

Angelica Volterra, P.O. Box 1324, spoke regarding the Redevelopment
Agency meeting.



01/06/03                                                                 8
