to be compatible with the Baylands Master Plan. She said regardless of the
previous baseline discussions, she did not believe the traffic analysis could
withstand a logical interpretation, and was disappointed the project did not
adequately deal with the bicycle access issue.

Council Member Kishimoto said she would like her previous   questions to staff
to be made part of the record. She asked whether it was     true that without
any further review by either the Director of Planning        and Community
Environment or the Council, the entire project could         be used for a
medical/dental or a private educational facility.

Ms. El-Guendy said that was not true. Those types of land uses had different
trip generation rates.

Council Member Kishimoto said based on how the Zoning Code was written a
medical/dental facility was a permitted use.

Ms. Lisa Grote said medical/dental and private educational facilities were
permitted uses; however, staff would look at traffic and parking impacts as
uses that had more intensive parking requirements.

Council Member Kishimoto asked when that would be done.

Ms. Grote said it would be looked at when the uses changed.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether it would go through the Planning
Departmentâ€™s discretionary review.

Ms. Grote said it was not a discretionary review, but staff would require
more parking when they became aware of tenant changes.

Council Member Kishimoto clarified there was no obligation to report the
change in use.

Ms. Grote said the City did not require business licenses so they were not
automatically notified.

Council Member Kishimoto said without the City knowing about it, the facility
could become 100 percent medical/dental. In looking at the cumulative
impacts, she asked whether staff included the Four Seasons Hotel and/or
University Palm.

Ms. El-Guendy said no. The cumulative impacts were not included in the
study. She said based on her own analysis, there would be some mitigation
required under Policy 20-15.

10/18/04                                                              98-254
