Council Member Freeman asked whether the option of not paying six-months
rent was an industry standard.

Mr. Fellman said it was not.

Council Member Freeman said if it was not an industry standard, would there
legally be an option to return and re-evaluate the next highest bidder.

Mr. Baum said the highest bidder had put in a formal bid with certain
proposals and terms, which could not be changed. The Council could only
accept or reject the bid.

Council Member Freeman said she would make a separate motion directing
staff to investigate funds for teen and youth services not currently being
funded. She asked whether the financial analysis that showed the difference
of the $26,000 over ten years or $300,000, included the taxes, tenant
improvements, or the five to six months of no rent.

Mr. Yeats said it did not.

Council Member Freeman asked what the difference would be if the items
were included.

Mr. Yeats said the annual potential sales tax could be $15,000 to $20,000
per year.

Council Member Freeman said the increase in value of the property made by
improvements would need to be included.

Mr. Yeats said the next user would utilize any improvements made such as
air conditioning, elevator, and the space.

Council Member Freeman asked the ratio of what the Saffron Club would pay
and what the City would pay. She noted the Saffron Club was partially
paying for the improvements. If there were a change of tenants or
ownership, the City would benefit from the improvements.

Mr. Fellman confirmed. The City was paying for $40 dollars per square foot
and the Saffron Club estimated the cost would be $120-$150 per square
foot.

Council Member Kleinberg asked for clarification of the 2001 Councilâ€™s
approval of the criteria. She questioned whether the Council approved the
eligibility categories.

07/19/04                                                             98-68
