which was to address the loss of housing due to the combination of single-
family residential lots. The lot merger regulation was not over exhausted but
would prevent the merger of two 5,000-square-foot lots where two single-
family houses could be lost. The predominant number of lot mergers that
occurred removed underlying lot lines and created lots of 6,000 and 7,000
square feet. Staff found one lot merger during the prior 18 months that
resulted in a 10,000-square-foot lot and the loss of a rental unit. Staff
proposed the creation of a 9,999-square-foot maximum lot size to address
the 5,000 square foot lots that were predominant and typical in many areas
of the City. Staff recognized substandard lots were a key issue in the
community and would continue to work with the community to address their
issues. The proposal provided an opportunity to look at substandard lots and
allow for moderate additions to substandard lots on second stories. In 1986-
87, second stories were prohibited on substandard lots because there was
no review process in place. Staff believed, with the individual review
process, that second stories on substandard lots could be achieved while
maintaining neighborhood compatibility. Other incentives were added by
increasing the lot coverage on the ground floor to encourage ground floor
expansion. Second stories on substandard lots had to be looked at in total,
including the development standards. The daylight plane for side and rear
did not change, and the setback requirements did not change. The P&TC
recommended a 30-foot building height. The individual review consultant
suggested a second story on a substandard lot was possible at 24 feet. Staff
needed to add revised language in the ordinance that clearly stated the
intent of the daylight plane and what it was intended to do. Staff needed to
make a cross reference in the HIE section, which made reference to historic
houses and cross reference with the HRB section that was further along in
the chapter. Staff continued to work with the P&TC on contextual issues with
respect to low density residential.

Ms. Holman said her job was to give the Council a highlight of the P&TCâ€™s
votes when there was a split vote. The vote on lot mergers was 5-0-0-2, in
support of lot mergers rather than 4-2-1 as indicated in the minutes. The
motion on substandard lots, allowing the second habitable floors, resulted in
a split vote. Those in favor had concerns about the type of structures being
built on substandard lots, had consideration that allowing larger homes
might discourage lot mergers, and the flexibility allowed for more livable
housing units. Those who opposed the motion appreciated the eclectic
neighborhoods such as College Terrace and Downtown North that benefited
from the more modest massing, as currently limited, and the need to retain
attainable and sustainable housing types. Both pros and cons had concerns
about elimination of contextual garage placement. Regarding the single story
overlay recommendations, the aye votes favored clarification and clearing up
the process. Those who voted against were concerned the percentages were
too low and were not a high enough threshold to meet the majority view.

10/04/04                                                                  28
