Council Member Kleinberg thanked her colleagues for their persistence in the
matter and for looking to see whether other property owners were affected.
She did not believe a mistake had been made, but that staff was unaware an
ordinance had been passed that was not retroactive.

MOTION PASSED 9-0.

COUNCIL MATTERS

12.   Colleagues Memo from Mayor Beecham and Council Member Kishimoto
      regarding a request to staff to forward letter to the Valley
      Transportation Authority

Council Member Kishimoto said in 2000, voters throughout the County
supported Measure A, which promised to pay for a wide variety of transit
projects, including Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) to San Jose, Caltrain
expansion and electrification, and Bus Rapid Transit to name a few. The
Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) was presently in a
financial and organizational crisis, and could fund only two projects besides
operating assistance, BART to San Jose and Downtown East Valley Light Rail.
A number of Council Members from North County cities met to discuss the
issue and agreed to ask their respective city councils to approve and send a
letter, which was attached to the Colleagues Memo. Projects which are not
recommended for the Regional Transportation Plan (RTP) that were
otherwise omitted would not be eligible to receive state or federal funding.

Council Member Mossar said in 2003, the Council sent two letters to the VTA
Board. One focused on transportation projects that Palo Altans would benefit
from in the approval of Measure A, and the second letter addressed the
composition of the VTA Board and asked for better representation for every
city in the County. VTA was formed by a state legislative act to bring both
Congestion Management Planning and Transportation Planning under one
roof. She believed it was time the cities of North County came together with
the understanding of making the necessary structural changes. Palo Alto,
through VTA had been successful in attracting both state and federal
transportation funding. However, some of that funding was earmarked for
the highly popular project, BART to San Jose. It was poor policy to assume
popular projects were all the public cared about. The composition of the VTA
Board changed considerably in January 2004, in that Palo Alto no longer had
a seat on the Board. It would now share a seat with a representative from
Los Altos. That meant Palo Alto would now have to work regionally on the
issue.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he had previously expressed opposition
to Councilâ€™s support of Measure A because he felt the Measure would only

03/15/04                                                                  12
