Individual Fitness.

Mayor Beecham asked the City Attorney what options were available to the
Council that evening.

City Attorney Gary Baum said the Council could either approve or reject the
lease with Form Fitness.     Another Request for Proposal (RFP) could
commence with new terms established.

MOTION: Council Member Ojakian moved, seconded by Burch, to reject the
option to lease with JSRFIT, L.L.C. d.b.a. Form Fitness Health Center and to
reopen the leasing process.

Council Member Ojakian said there were individuals who misunderstood the
application process for the lease. The Council would have the opportunity to
delineate the criteria to apply to the space.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION: Council Member Cordell moved, seconded by
Morton, to approve the staff recommendation to authorize the Mayor to
execute the option to lease with JSRFIT, L.L.C. d.b.a. Form Fitness Health
Center, for a 7,410 square foot space in the non-parking portion of the Lot
S/L site, 445 Bryant Street.

Council Member Cordell said the Council had voted and made a decision, and
she asked the Council to go forward.

Council Member Morton said the Council needed to stand by their decision.

Council Member Mossar felt it would be unscrupulous of the Council to look
at a new proposal at that point.

Council Member Ojakian said $400,000 would be lost on the lease to Form
Fitness. There would be $500,000 lost in the first five years of the lease.
There could be other potential applicants interested in the property.

Council Member Kishimoto asked staff about the $400,000 loss.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said staffâ€™s position had not
changed. The $400,000 was the difference between the cash flows of the
rent payments and would change over time. Mr. Yeats said 240 real estate
agents and brokers in the Bay Area had received flyers about the space. A
public hearing had been held and the top two proposals had been brought to
the Council.

Council Member Kishimoto said there were lessons learned from the process,

09/13/04                                                                 18
