Heather Trossman, Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, continued reading the
letter from the Chamber Chairman of the Board, who had concerns that
parents of school-aged children would be unwilling to let them bike or walk
across intersections even with the proposed changes.

Mark Sabin said he believed the proposed changes would mitigate traffic.
The city and school district worked on a program to encourage the parents
to get their children out of cars, walking, or onto their bicycles.

Louise Herring, 3945 Nelson Drive, said many children crossed Charleston
Road without crossing guards in the afternoons when involved with after-
school activities.

Deidre Crommie, 410 Monroe Drive, said her neighborhood was used as a
cut-through route from San Antonio Road to El Camino Real and
recommended the traffic in her neighborhood be monitored.

Mark C. Lawrence, 446 Morton Way, stated he did not believe the plan would
be successful. If travel times increased instead of decreasing, the trial
would be deemed a failure and the road would revert back to four lanes.

Betty Lum, 4202 Suzanne Drive, urged support for the one-year trial of the
proposed plan. She had observed the changes in traffic patterns from living
on the corner of Suzanne Drive and Arastradero Road for over 39 years.

Diane Chambers, 687 Arastradero Road, said the plans included a dedicated
left-hand turn lane into the Young Life Christian Preschoolâ€™s driveway, which
would relieve the congestion caused by the preschool parents and make the
left turn safer.

Mike Fischer, 763 E. Charleston Road, stated he opposed the proposed plan
and requested a vote be taken of those who would be affected by the
changes.

Wayne Martin, 3887 Bryant Street, said he supported most of the plan, but
did not support the four to three lane conversions. He urged a safety study
be performed for the Charleston/Arastradero Corridor.

Alan Snyder, 310 East Charleston Road, said he lived on the corner of East
Charleston Road and Carlson Circle and the plan addressed the key issue;
the speed of the traffic. A school crossing guard had been hit on October
23, 2001, at the corner of Carlson Circle and East Charleston Road.

Kirsten Flynn, 471 Matadero Avenue, traveled the Corridor primarily as a
driver. The current design of the Corridor made it easy to speed.

01/20/04                                                             97-186
