was seen in 1998-99, which meant that Palo Alto government had to be resized
to that level. The second reason was health care and pension costs. The City
participated in the Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS) and the
statewide system. The statewide program provided both the pension and health
care programs. That program increased by approximately 50 percent. The third
reason was the City continued to experience State takeaways of property tax
and other taxes. The State had an $8-$10 billion deficit and would continue to
look for creative ways to shift revenues away or shift costs to the City. The
Long Range Financial Plan (LRFP) showed the City had a $5.2 million structural
deficit where anticipated expenditures were greater than anticipated revenues.
If no action were taken, the City would be faced with nine years of deficits with
a cumulative draw of $46 million on the Budget Stabilization Reserves (BSR);
however, there was only $21 million available. The Council and staff did a
masterful job managing the retrenchment. The $14.5 million reduced the
expense base, and 40 positions were eliminated. The span of control was
expanded, and a hiring freeze was imposed. A two-tier retiree medical program
and an unpaid employee furlough were instituted. The Council refinanced the
debt on City Hall, which saved $1.5 million in debt service, and extended the
replacement schedules for cars and equipment. Processes were streamlined and
services were sold to other communities. Budget outreach included coffee
meetings with constituents, the Mayor and City Manager, a Cable TV call-in
show, meetings with neighborhood groups, and a citizen budget idea website.
Staff had to consider how to make logical choices. Service cuts were based on
priority criteria from the Council, citizen survey, community outreach, and
professional judgment. Expenditures were growing faster than revenues, which
resulted in reduction in base. The base was reduced by $4.3 million permanent,
ongoing expense reductions, and 32.2 regular, permanent positions were
eliminated.

Director of Administrative Services Carl Yeats said Palo Altoâ€™s General Fund
Revenue (GFR) was at 1998-99 levels, and expenses needed to be adjusted to
that level. The same concept was proposed with staffing. In 1998-99, there
were approximately 679 General Fund (GF) employees. With the reductions
proposed since 2002-03, the total would be about 644 GF employees, plus the
adjustment of Information Technology staffing charged back from the
Technology Fund. The adjusted total was approximately 678 employees. He
then highlighted the changes to the Utility Rates. Electric Service rates
increased 19.5 percent as a result of an increase in commodity costs, and gas
service increased 15 percent. Refuse rates increased 8 percent because of a
cost increase in the program, due to the SMaRT station costs and operational
costs. Sewer rates increased 17 percent, and water service increased by 5
percent due to the charges that came from San Francisco Muni and the Hetch-
Hetchy improvements. The average residential utility bill went from a total of
approximately $217 per month to an average total of approximately $253 per
month.

Mr. Benest said staff strived to attain a balanced budget; achieve additional
06/20/05                                                                 8
