The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:08 p.m.

Present:      Barton, Beecham, Cordell, Drekmeier, Kishimoto, Klein,
              Kleinberg, Mossar

Absent:       Morton

STUDY SESSION

1.       Police Policies and Procedures

Deputy City Attorney Don Larkin conducted a presentation regarding
Police policies and procedures.       He indicated police policies and
procedures relate to the internal operation of the department. They
cover areas including the role and authority of law enforcement;
organization and administration; patrol, traffic, and investigative
operations; equipment; technical services; custody; and personnel. The
policies are based upon the United States and California Constitutions,
State Statute, case law, best practices, industry standards, and County
protocols. Palo Alto contracts with Lexipol for the development of the
policies and procedures. The policies are adapted to Palo Alto. While
the Police Chief may only adopt changes to the policies, some policies
may require meet-and-confer with the Police Association. Mr. Larkin
provided examples of Council’s role in the policies that include the
establishment of the Police Auditor, approval of the Department’s
strategic plan, the Municipal Code and the creation of ordinances such
as the leaf blower ban, taxicab regulations, etc. The Council also set
the Department Budget and controls staffing levels and resources. The
Police Chief may seek input from the Human Relations Commission
and/or the City Council on discretionary policy that significantly and
directly impacts community relations such as the mobile audio/video
policy, citizen complaint process, and demographic data collection.

No action required.

ORAL COMMUNICATIONS

Daniel Engelhardt, 935 Menlo Oaks Drive, spoke regarding a Palo Alto


060626                                                                 3
