Council Member Klein said the Council provided input to what staff had asked
for. Basic policy decisions had to be made, such as whether there would be a
2007 or 2008 ballot. Keeping the two issues on the same timeline was
important. November 2008 was too far out, and the Council should aim for
November 2007 to show the community that projects did not take forever to get
done in Palo Alto.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto asked whether staff wanted to respond on the November
2007 deadline.

Ms. Harrison said staff had to decide when the Police Blue Ribbon Task Force
finished its report and provided its recommendations. A six-month, or minimal,
EIR process was assumed. A schedule would be provided.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto clarified the Library schedule needed to be moved up.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct.

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said she wanted to see the LAC recommendation go to the
Council earlier, and the Council needed to make a decision by June as to
whether a Blue Ribbon Task Force was appointed to bring the recommendation
to completion.

Ms. Harrison said her understanding was that Council Member Kleinâ€™s
recommendation was to return with a revised plan that set timelines in the
event the Council desired to put library and police matters on a 2007 ballot.

Mayor Kleinberg said she assumed a Police Blue Ribbon Task Force would be one
of the stems emanating out of one of the decision lines.

Ms. Harrison said that was correct. Staff had to have adequate time in the
schedule for the creation of a task force.

Council Member Barton agreed the Council needed to push for 2007 election and
was opposed to a Blue Ribbon Task Force for the library, since the library had
the Library Advisory Commission (LAC.)

Vice Mayor Kishimoto said one reason for a Library Blue Ribbon Task Force was
for the campaign. Staff could not be the advocate. A committee with a set of
skills and experience that the LAC did not have was necessary.

Mr. Baum said following the pattern of the successful Storm Drain Blue Ribbon
Task Force, the City needed to recognize it could not set up a task force to
campaign.


03/06/2006                                                              21
