Council Member Morton explained the sentence was added to provide a way
to review the request.

Council Member Beecham stated when the City Manager did not want to
accommodate the request it would not progress.

Mayor Kishimoto said in many cases the project would be completed quicker
and less costly by going outside the City.

Assistant City Manager Emily Harrison stated staff often recommended to
the proposed partners that they think about project management, as long as
the City’s risk management and legal boundaries were met.

Mayor Kishimoto said the language appeared to discourage the use of
outside parties to perform project management.

Ms. Harrison said the City encouraged less costly and timely project
management.

Mayor Kishimoto suggested additional language to read: “The City will
welcome opportunities to have outside organizations to manage the project.”

Ms. Harrison agreed the language should be positive and encourage
partnerships.

Council Member Kleinberg said the first paragraph of the policy stated the
appropriate language.

Council Member Morton suggested the language be modified to read: “City
staff would manage most proposed projects and activities unless an
agreement had been reached with the alliance organization to provide in-
kind services or to provide direct oversight or management as specified
project.”

City Attorney Gary Baum requested to replace the words “an agreement”
with “written agreement.”

Council Member Cordell stated the definition of an alliance was an
agreement with organizations whose mission was to support City programs
and services. She did not object to the wording “written agreement” as a
substitute.

Council Member Beecham supported the motion and agreed the policy was a
benefit to the community.


01/16/07                                                                11
