Martin Eichner, 430 Sherman, stated he did not support the budget cuts for
the Project Sentinel.

Ronna DeVincenzi, 2600 El Camino Real, #150, stated she did not support
the Art Commission budget cuts.

Don Way, 320 Kellogg Avenue, stated the HSRAP funds were such a small
amount that supported a large value of services. He requested the Council
continue to support the effort.

Melissa Baten Caswell, 1139 Channing Avenue, urged the Council to not cut
the HSRAP budget.

Beth Oâ€™Malley, 40 Crescent Drive, requested the Council not cut the HSRAP
funding.

Shannon Turk, 711 Church Street, urged the Council reconsider the budget
cuts to the HSRAP programs.

Marta Thoma, 4111 Higuera Road, San Jose, requested the Public Arts funds
be maintained.

Robert Gaebler suggested the City would be sued for negligence for the way
the budget had been handled over the past seven years.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, requested the Council reconsider hearing the
budget information and schedule a future date for the hearing. Mr. Benest
would present his recommendations for the budget after a properly noticed
public hearing.

Mayor Kishimoto stated the public hearing would remain open until the
rescheduled date.

Council Member Barton asked Mr. Benest for clarification on the source of
the HSRAP funding.

Mr. Benest replied the HSRAP monies came directly from the General Fund.
The City had funded the partnership agencies with a pool of funds available
for the Community Services or Human Services areas.

Council Member Barton asked that a list of agencies affected by the proposal
be brought to the follow-up meeting.

Mr. Benest stated there was not a list available; the applicants apply
annually for a two-year funding term. There was a list available for
applicants currently receiving funds.

                                                                          5
