The economy of cost in both designing and building the facilities at the same
time would result since the longer building of the Center is postponed, the
higher the cost.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, said he urged Council to recommit that the
purpose is not just to improve Mitchell Park Library but to make it possible
to expand the use of the Downtown Library.

Herb Borock, P.O. Box 632, stated technical services needs to be moved to
Mitchell Park. He recommended that both measures should be placed on the
ballot at the same time.

Elaine Meyer, 609 Kingsley Avenue, urged Council to not reduce space in the
Downtown Library and not to include in the plan to increase technical
services downtown.

Paul Mitchell, P.O. Box 213, advised the item be presented as a concept
making it affordable for everyone.

Jean Wilcox, 4005 Sutherland Drive, said she was not in favor of moving
technical services to Mitchell Park as it would add more square footage and
many additional offices as well as the possibility of underground parking.
She suggested technical staff remain where they are or return to Main
Library. Another option would be to relocate technical services to the police
building after they relocate.

Megan Swezey Fogarty, 2421 Bryant Street, said she was in support for
design on Option B to save money.     One phase design would be an
improvement to the Downtown and Main Libraries.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Morton, to adopt
Option B (two-story joint single-phase Library (Eastside) and Community
Center) with Technical Services at Mitchell Park, and to Refer to the Policy &
Services Committee consideration of changes to the Cityâ€™s Naming City-
Owned Land and Facilities policy with regards to major capital
campaigns/contributions.

Council Member Barton said he based his motion on a better layout for the
Library and the Community Center in a more appropriate location on
Middlefield Road. It would be closer to the Park with more room for the
Library and the oak trees with better use of the courtyard as a Community
Center. Option B would be the cheaper option in the long-run. The LAC and
PARC and the community unanimously selected Option B. He felt it was the



10/01/07                                                                   17
