Mayor Kishimoto stated people should not be restrained from planting new
oak trees because it might overshadow a neighbor’s solar panels.

Mr. Williams suggested saying, “and where feasible with solar panel
collectors.”

Council Member Beecham stated the recommendation only related to new
plantings.

Mr. Williams stated staff would work on language and suggested, “…building
plans consistent with the building and landscaping for the site is feasible to
protect them.”

Council Member Morton suggested deleting the sentence.

Mayor Kishimoto agreed with deleting the sentence.

Council Member Kleinberg referred to page 8 of Attachment C, Chapter
18.50, section (5), which read, “All required perimeter yards shall be
landscaped.” Staff was asked to clarify “required perimeter yard.”

Mr. Williams stated the required perimeter yard was the setback.

Council Member Kleinberg pointed out she would be required to landscape a
part of her property that no one saw except the trash collector.

Mr. Williams stated the language was overkill.

Council Member Barton said he read the section to mean no bare earth in
order to prevent bare earth and erosion from property to property.

Mr. Williams stated the guidelines (5) on page 9 indicated, “The Director
may allow a combination of hardscape and landscape to satisfy landscape
requirements where permeable surface materials are used and where the
visual quality and screening functions of the hardscape/landscape area are
maintained.” His suggestion was the wording might be moved to section (5)
under the Requirements.

Council Member Kleinberg was concerned about the detail that people had to
follow.

INCORPORATED INTO MOTION WITH CONSENT OF MAKER AND
SECONDER to remove the last portion of the sentence in the Planning
Arborist’s Recommended Clarifications, which was Section 18.40.130(d)(4),
“…and to the maximum extent feasible, with solar panel/collector access to
07/01/22                                                               25
