to the motion.

Mayor Kishimoto asked whether the applicant was aware of the TIF.

Mr. Emslie said the applicant was fully aware the TIF was pending and
the staff’s recommendation would apply to their projects.

MOTION PASSED 6-0 Cordell, Klein, Mossar not participating.

12.   Resolution 8613 entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of
      Palo Alto, Confirming the Report of the Advisory Board and
      Levying an Assessment for Fiscal Year 2007-08 in Connection with
      the Downtown Palo Alto Business Improvement District”
Mayor Kishimoto said the Downtown Improvement District (BID) was
established in February 2004. The City Council was required to hold an
annual public hearing to authorize the levy of an assessment for the
next fiscal year. On May 7, 2007, the Council set the date and time for
the public hearing on the proposed levy of an assessment for the fiscal
year 2007-08. The Council appointed the Board of Directors of the Palo
Alto Downtown Business and Professional Association (PADBPA) as the
advisory board for the BID. The Advisory Board had prepared their
annual report for the 2007-08 fiscal year and submitted it to the
Council. The City published the required notice in the local newspaper
of record on May 11, 2007, regarding reauthorization of the BID for
2007-08 as required by the BID law. All interested persons would have
an opportunity to provide testimony at this evening’s meeting. At the
conclusion of the public hearing, the Council would determine whether a
majority protest exists. A majority protest will exist if the owners that
paid 50 percent or more of the proposed levy of an assessment had filed
and not withdrawn a written protest.

Economic Development Officer Susan Arpan said the BID was
established by the City Council on January 12, 2004. On May 7, 2007
the Council preliminarily approved the report to the Council from the
PADBPA and approved the notice to levy the assessments. The public
hearing was set for the City Council meeting of May 21, 2007. The City
had approved the legally required notice in a local newspaper of record
regarding reauthorization of the 2007-08 BID. The annual contract was
automatically renewed at the time of the annual reauthorization. Staff
recommended to the City Council to reauthorize the BID, accept the
PADBPA report, and hear BID testimony. Protests would be calculated
while testimonies were heard and a percentage of the registered
protests would be provided. Absent a majority protest, the Council

07/05/21                                                       101-531
