Council Member Yeh asked the inherent risk of financial resource availability
if the project went to the P&TC.

Chief Planning and Transportation Official, Julie Caporgno stated in order to
receive funding the Applicant was required to have the full entitlements.
Additional funding from the State would need to be provided and the
construction needed to be completed by October 2011 for the million dollars
to be utilized. Staff felt with a delay of four to five months the completion
date would not be feasible therefore the funding would no longer be
available.

Council Member Yeh stated he agreed it would be to the benefit of the
community for the P&TC to review the project although he felt the risk of
losing the funding was too high. He supported the Substitute Motion.

Council Member Kishimoto asked whether the windows in the project were
operable.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Mayor Drekmeier stated Palo Alto had inclusionary zoning which required a
certain amount of low-income housing for larger projects. He asked the
possibility a party could try to receive a Density Bonus credit, simply by
following the Cityâ€™s current guidelines.

Mr. Williams stated yes, it had already been presented to Staff. He stated
the process was that once fifteen percent Density was met then one
inclusionary concession was available under the law.

Mayor Drekmeier supported the Staff recommendation.

SUBSTITUTE MOTION PASSED: 7-2 Burt, Klein no

Council Member Espinosa asked the timeline for completion of the two
remaining Agenda Items.

Mr. Keene stated action needed to be taken on the Oregon Expressway
Agenda Item. Although the Public Hearing was noticed for November 9, 2009
it was not imperative it be heard tonight.

City Clerk, Donna Grider requested the Agenda Item be continued to a date
certain in an effort to avoid the cost of re-advertising the Public Hearing.


11/09/09                                                             105-311
