Barbara Ingram, 850 Webster Street, #807, urged Council to move the
process forward in hopes to maintain a family owned and operated grocery
store with community values.

Byron Bland, 235 Wilton Avenue, stated the loss of the JJ&F market would
deplete the community.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme Street, stated he did not support the proposed
project and requested Council send the project back to the P&TC with specific
direction.

Robert Phillips, 2290 Yale Street, stated the current CN zoning required a
balanced mix of retail, office and residential whereas the developer had
proposed three times the office space. He urged the Council to provide
direction to the developer to modify the plan to be more consistent with the
CN zoning and the Comprehensive Plan.

Laura Bajuk, 3469 Bryant Street, spoke highly of the JJ&F market and its
employees.

Douglas W. Debs, 3469 Bryant Street, stated the JJ&F marketsâ€™ service and
quality were greater than larger stores.

Crystal Casey, 2051 Wellesley Street, asked Council to move the initiation
forward and she looked forward to seeing the completion of the development.

Bill Ross, 2103 Amherst Street, supported the P&TC denial.

Victoria Fayer, 752 Live Oak Avenue, Menlo Park, stated having a small
family owned grocery store was an invaluable asset that if lost would be
impossible to get back.

Donald Kennedy, 264 Channing, spoke regarding the length of the process to
get to this point in the project.

Margaret Heath, 2140 Cornell Street, stated the best practice to make
changes would be before the development began not during or after. She
stated the P&TC process should not be bypassed when a developer wants to
lobby the Council.

Melissa Campbell, 2141 Princeton, requested a condition be added in the
agreement which automatically converted the grocery store space into a
public meeting space in the event the grocery store did vacate the premises.

Trish Siddens, 804 Talisman Drive, asked Council to move forward with the
initiation.
 7/13/09                                                         105-46
