Mr. Materman said City Staff and the Golf Course Advisory Committee had
discussions and there were implications for widening. Flood protection was
the main focus and could alter the configuration of the course. It would cost
millions of dollars to pursue a widening project and would involve one
fairway and one tee. Details could not be determined until the California
Environmental Quality Act (CEQU) report, alternative analysis and
engineering design were obtained. The JPA would look for opportunities to
improve the Golf Course.

Council Member Burt said his question related to Council Member Kleinâ€™s
concerns regarding other jurisdictions and in-kind impacts.     He asked
whether it was correct that East Palo Alto would have to have levees that
would be closer to Highway 101 and if they would have to accept levees
being moved closer to residential homes.

Mr. Materman said the downstream alternatives include the movement of
levees towards homes between the Friendship Bridge and Highway 101.
Under this scenario, the City will be asked to contribute some land. Santa
Clara Water District would contribute 70 percent of the funds and work with
San Mateo County to contribute 30 percent in getting through environmental
requirements and design. East Palo Alto would have significant impact in
terms of the levees moving closer to their homes and the City of Menlo Park
would become more involved in moving upstream with Highway 101.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if the cost for cutting-through and moving dirt
were covered by contributions.

Mr. Roberts said it would be considered as a project cost and covered by
contributions.

Council Member Klein said the Golf Course was dedicated parkland and
asked if it would require an election by the voters.

Mr. Roberts said the issue required further research and his understanding
was that the existing creek was not part of the dedicated parkland.

Council Member Klein asked whether the City Attorney had input on the
issue.

Mr. Baum said he would need to study the project prior to responding to the
question.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Barton absent

07/20/09                                                             105-70
