Mr. Williams stated the Mingâ€™s Restaurant site was currently a Planned
Community (PC) site that possessed a service commercial designation in the
Comprehensive Plan.      He stated the property could be rezoned to
commercial service with the approval of the Staff report.

Council Member Schmid inquired if a PC zone designation site would require
rezoning.

Mr. Williams stated the PC conditions would only apply to a restaurant within
the hotel.

Vice Mayor Morton stated the intention of the proposed Ordinance was to
encourage additional hotel rooms, and expand the FAR, in order to create a
larger TOT. He inquired whether room stays in excess of 30 days that were
approved by the City could result in the collection of TOT.

Mr. Williams stated no. He stated TOT could not legally be applied beyond a
30 day stay.

Vice Mayor Morton stated Staff should look into another kind of revenue,
such as an extended stay or a temporary stay revenue. He inquired if there
was a preferred ratio in the density of condominium or extended stay units
in hotels.

Mr. Williams stated hotels could not apply for more than 25 percent
residential condominium use.

Vice Mayor Morton inquired whether the 25 percent condominium use would
be subject to the TOT.

Mr. Williams stated yes.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether Staff had discussions with potential
hotel developers to gather additional perspectives.

Mr. Williams stated yes. He indicated there were no potential issues raised
regarding the way the proposed Ordinance was written.

Council Member Yeh inquired on the methodology used by Staff to analyze
the lost revenue from extended stay in hotels.

Mr. Williams stated four examples were looked at in Southern California, and
formulas for obtaining revenues were studied by Staff.

Council Member Yeh inquired whether a methodology on revenue collections
would come forth in regards to future proposed developments.

Mr. Williams stated yes.
                                     10                            04/13/09
