forward on the project. Staff was working towards bringing back to the
Council the best alternatives to stay on the current course.

Vice Mayor Morton asked if it was possible to landbank the 1.6 acres and did
the agreement require that a PSB be developed on that site or could the site
be utilized for other City developments such as housing.

Mr. Keene said those were possibilities but Staff did not have specific
information at the present time to help decide which direction to take.

Ray Bacchetti, 850 Webster Street #700, said the Blue Ribbon Task Force
(BRTF) viewed 20 sites and the City found one suitable for the PSB. He said
it was unlikely that more land remained to accommodate a 21st Century PSB.

Robert Moss, 4010 Orme, encouraged the Council to move forward with
Staffâ€™s recommendation and was in favor of applying the sunk costs towards
the purchase of the existing site.

Elizabeth Alexis, 347 Diablo Court, said there was not a better time than
during the economic downturn to make a capital investment. It was an
opportunity to get the land at a discount, construction costs had plummeted.

MOTION: Council Member Barton moved, seconded by Council Member
Klein to; 1) Authorize the City Manager to execute the Notices of
Termination of the Option Agreements between the City an Essex Park
Boulevard, LLC, for the purchase of the property located at 2785 Park
Boulevard; and between the City and Brown Fairchild-Park Investment
Company, L.P., for the purchase of the property located at 2747 Park
Boulevard, and 2) Direct Staff to pursue landbanking options which will
generally accommodate the facility needs set forth in the Blue Ribbon Task
Force Report approved by the Council in June 2006.

Council Member Barton said it was wise to take advantage of the economic
conditions.

Council Member Espinosa supported the Motion.

Mr. Keene said Staff would negotiate the best price on the two properties
and bring the numbers back to the Council.

Vice Mayor Morton supported the Motion.           He said if the Motion was
approved, he would like to give Staff the ability to say the Council requested
payments be applied even if it was not a condition for termination.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0


                                     14                             06/01/09
