in support of the purchase of furniture, equipment, books and other
collection items for the Measure N bond projects.

Vice Mayor Espinosa stated Measure N would not have passed without the
tireless efforts from the esteemed library community and he suggested
actively engaging the Council in the fundraising campaign.

Council Member Shepherd commended the Library Foundation for their
selection of proposed names for the new facilities.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0

15.   Public Hearing: Finance Committee Recommendation to Adopt the
      Draft 2010-15 Consolidated Plan, Draft 2010-11 Action Plan and
      Associated 2010-11 Funding Allocations and Adopt a Resolution 9051
      entitled “Resolution of the Council of the City of Palo Alto Approving
      the Use of Community Development Block Grant Funds for Fiscal Year
      2010-2011.”

Chief Planning and Transportation Official, Julie Caporgno stated the 2010
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) allocation was $731,566. The
City had over $1 million to disburse to recipients. The Finance Committee
discussed the allocation and unanimously supported the Staff and Citizen
Advisory Committee recommendations.

Public hearing opened at 10:41 p.m.

Alisa Tantraphol, 750 Curtner Avenue, San Jose, thanked Council for
considering the Second Harvest Food Banks proposal to increase the
capability to serve and to give to the community of Santa Clara County. She
noted their capacity had increased by forty percent in the past three years.

Public hearing closed at 10:43 p.m.

MOTION: Council Member Schmid moved, seconded by Council Member
Holman to: 1) Allocate CDBG funding as recommended by Staff and the
Citizens Advisory Committee (CAC) in the 2010/11 Action Plan and adopt the
Resolution approving the allocations, 2) Authorize Staff to submit the
2010/11 Action Plan to HUD by the May 15, 2010 deadline, and 3) Authorize
the City Manager, on behalf of the City, to execute the 2010/11 application
and Action Plan for CDBG funds, 2010-2015 Consolidated Plan and any other
necessary documents concerning the application, and to otherwise bind the
City with respect to the application and commitment to funds.

MOTION PASSED: 9-0



                                      7                           05/03/10
