return to the City Council with options on how to mitigate the risk with
CalPERS.

Vice Mayor Espinosa inquired on the cost for outside resources.

Mr. Perez stated the cost would be approximately $20,000 to $30,000 for a
full-detailed report.

Council Member Scharff stated the City had full facing credit from the U.S.
Government up until 2012.

Mr. Perez stated that was correct.

Council Member Scharff stated he was unclear on what outside resources
would provide since the City already had full facing credit.

Mr. Perez stated outside resources could validate financial information and
provide further channels of information.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the $20,000 to $30,000 included
analysis of federally backed institutions and CalPERS.

Mr. Perez stated that amount would review the structural methodology of
investments, and would not cover the analysis of CalPERS.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether Staff recommended the analysis of
broad investments.

Mr. Perez stated yes. He stated two different types of outside experts would
be needed to analyze investments and CalPERS. He stated an actuarial, at a
rate of $500 an hour, would be desirable to independently analyze CalPERS.

Council Member Scharff stated 7.75 percent was an ideal rate of return. He
stated a Stanford Study pointed out the huge liability of using a lower rate of
return. He inquired what Staff was able to do with the data for using a lower
rate of return.

Mr. Perez stated the employees would be required to take additional
responsibility on the contributions, and the City could set aside additional
funds. If the CalPERS management was not to the Cityâ€™s liking, the City
would find a mechanism to invest the set aside funds. The combination of
placing funds in a trust, managing the trust, setting investment criteria and
policies, and working with Labor Unions would validate a high level of
expertise and require potential outside resources.

Council Member Scharff inquired whether the City had the choice on whether
or not to pay $23 million to CalPERS.

05/17/10                                                              106-209
