on Agenda Item No. 7, that the update on the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation figures were not included, and language would be substituted in
all areas were the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was incorporated
in the Investment Policy to reflect the temporary increase from $100,000 to
$250,000 through January 1, 2014.

Mayor Burt stated the Public Hearing would be reopened for public
testimony.

Director of the Palo Alto Humane Society, Carole Hyde, Menlo Park, spoke on
her concern for the proposed fee increases at the Animal Services Shelter.

Elizabeth Lee, Palo Alto, spoke on her support to continue enforcement and
raise the fines for leaf blower offenders.

Library Advisory Commissioner, Leo Hochberg spoke on his support to
reopen the College Terrace Library this Fall, and keep all libraries open on
Mondays.

Robert Moss, Palo Alto, spoke on his support to retain the proposed cut to
reduce one City Attorney Legal Secretary and services to the Cross Town
Shuttle. He urged the City Council to increase, rather than decrease their
salaries by ten percent.

City Attorney, Gary Baum stated Stanford matters would be considered prior
to the adoption of the entire Budget Amendment Ordinance due to a conflict
with Council Member Klein. He stated Stanford matters included public
safety and Capital Improvement Program (CIP) items.

Mayor Burt inquired whether the City Council should proceed with 6a
portions of the Police and Fire Department Budgets, as modified, and
portions of the CIP relating to Stanford.

Mr. Baum advised the City Council to discuss any additional issues prior to
proceeding with 6a portions of the Proposed Budget.

MOTION: Council Member Scharff moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to not implement the recommendation to share 50% of sidewalk
replacement costs with residents.

Council Member Scharff stated this matter was placed in the parking lot at
the Finance Committee Meeting to ensure that the City Council cut enough
expenditures to balance the Cityâ€™s Budget. He reiterated that there was a
surplus of $487,000. It was his belief that implementing cost sharing of
sidewalk replacement costs with property owners was bad public policy.


                                7                                 06/28/10
