that would indicate circulation, some aspects of context that address the
various aspects of our review under the DEIR. While we just got this this
evening at places what I am not finding here is what I was hoping to find.

Mayor Burt: Let me break this into two aspects. I would say that if there is
a request then maybe Staff could confirm whether this is the protocol that
we are intending to follow. Our next meeting is our wrap up on this subject.
If there are requests for information to be provided in advance of that
meeting then I think tonight would be an appropriate time to make that
request. If it is to comment on items that are not tonight’s focus then I
would suggest we await next week’s meeting which is an opportunity to look
at all of the DEIR aspects comprehensively.

Council Member Holman: Thank you for the clarification. So it is the latter.
I have been requesting almost since we began to get some better visuals
that would give us better indication of circulation, linkages,
pedestrian/bicycle paths, context for new buildings in relation to existing
buildings, certainly in relation to Hoover Pavilion because there is an interest
there. Perhaps it is on the disk. I don’t know and won’t know until I have a
chance to look at those. What I am finding as I just quickly go through
since we got this at places, as I go through what is in front of us this
evening what I find are, and I am exceedingly frustrated so you will hear
that. I am exceedingly frustrated because what I am finding primarily here
is a parking garage with no context, elevations, and wall sections, various
floor plans that have nothing to do with relevance to a DEIR. So I am more
than frustrated.

Mayor Burt: Let’s let Staff see if they have responses to the concerns that
you stated on looking at circulation and connectivity issues.

Council Member Holman: And context. I know the Planning Commission
also had considerable questions about trees. What are these trees? Where
are these trees? What are the ones we are taking down? We still have no
information that I have found on those topics.

Mr. Williams: Thank you Mayor and Council Member Holman. Some of
those I think are deficiencies in here about where are the number of trees or
details of trees. If it is not in there we need to respond to as part of the
Final EIR. As far as the circulation overall context we will go back and see if
there is something we missed. I believe that a lot of that is in the EIR itself.
There are site plans that show the whole project. There are circulation plans
that show pedestrian and bicycle pathways connecting through to all of the
elements of the project. So I am not sure how much more we have
available to provide at this point.
                                      19                              07/19/10
