Mayor Espinosa inquired on the timeline for the completion of the
Pedestrian and Bicycle Master Plan. He inquired how it would fit into
the timeline for the Project.

Mr. Rodriguez stated the timing of the Project and the Pedestrian and
Bicycle Master Plan worked well. The design process for the Project
and the major recommendations for the Pedestrian and Bicycle Master
Plan will be completed in April or May 2011. He spoke on a bicycle
planning summit scheduled in May 2011. Staff would return to the
P&TC in June 2011, and then to Council with a full recommendation in
July 2011.

Mayor Espinosa felt a bicycle corridor was important in encouraging
alternative transportation. He inquired whether there was a
consideration for a trial period for residents to become acclimated with
the proposed design.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff considered an interim process of six months
to one year to acclimate residents to the new design; however, a
replication of the design would be difficult. It was his belief the
proposed design worked well because of its sense of place creation.

Mayor Espinosa inquired on the delay, by the Metropolitan
Transportation Commission’s (MTC) decision, and whether it would
impact the City’s timeline.

Mr. Rodriguez stated Staff had discussions with the MTC and the Valley
Transportation Authority (VTA).      The VTA felt confident for the
selection of the Project.

Mayor Espinosa inquired whether Staff had the same concerns that
business owners raised, and whether any further outreach would be
done.

Mr. Fehrenbach stated business owners had concerns on the
construction phase. Staff would work closely with the California
Avenue Area Development Association and the Palo Alto Chamber of
Commerce on outreach efforts.

Mayor Espinosa inquired whether Staff was prepared to mitigate and
address the individual concerns of business owners.

Mr. Williams stated yes.




                                  23                        02/14/2011
