buildings and buildings that had lost their integrity in Professorville. The
intent was not to say there would never be a demolition in Professorville.
She asked Staff if that was a correct statement.

Ms. Caporgno said that was correct. She said a building with no historic
significance could go through the appropriate process and could be
demolished.

Council Member Holman asked Staff if Dames & Moore Consulting Group had
completed an inventory on Professorville.

Ms. Caporgno said that was correct.

Council Member Holman asked if the survey identified buildings that were
contributors and non-contributors in the district.

Ms. Caporgno said yes.

Council Member Holman asked if the Staff proposal intended that for CEQA
purposes all properties registered in the National California Register would
address the concerns of eroding the district on an individual basis.

Ms. Caporgno said the Council could change the criteria used for CEQA
purposes. She said the current criteria stated that a building would be
considered significant if it was registered or eligible for the National
California Register or listed in the local inventory. Contributing structures
would need to be reviewed to determine significance. Staff could say
contributing buildings in Professorville were considered significant if the
criteria were changed.

Council Member Holman needed clarification on Staffâ€™s statement regarding
reviewing the buildings as individual buildings in the National Register
District to determine the impact demolition would have on the district.

Ms. Caporgno clarified that Staff looked at the buildings on an individual
basis to determine its significance within Professorville.

Council Member Holman said Staff would be looking at the process with a
cohesive approach if the criteria were changed to include contributing
structures as thresholds for CEQA purposes.




                                      13                         03/14/2011
