13. Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority Delegation Affirmation of
    Council Member Price.

MOTION PASSED for Agenda Item Nos. 8, 10, and 12-13: 9-0

AGENDA CHANGES, ADDITIONS, AND DELETIONS

Council Member Shepherd asked whether Agenda Item No. 9 had been
pulled from the Agenda.

City Manager, James Keene, stated the Item had been pulled by Staff and
that Staff was targeting November 28, 2011 as a possible return date for
the item.

ACTION ITEMS

14.   Adoption of the Revised Rail Committee Guiding Principles for City
      Council.

Deputy City Manager, Steve Emslie, stated the Rail Committee Guiding
Principles were first adopted in 2009, after the passage of Proposition 1A.
He described the High Speed Rail (HSR) Project as extremely dynamic and
ever changing. The Rail Committee decided to update their Guiding
Principles in order to reflect some of the more substantial changes.

Council Member Klein stated most of the changes had been approved
unanimously. He explained that in light of the recent release of the
California High Speed Rail Authorityâ€™s (CHSRA) Business Plan and the
recent court decision on the lawsuit regarding the Environmental Impact
Report, he planned to propose several amendments to the document.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Council Member
Shepherd to approve the revised Rail Committee Guiding Principles.

Herb Borock proposed amendments to Guiding Principles No. 3 and 14. He
asked Council to officially oppose HSR, to urge Caltrain to terminate its
agreement with the CHSRA for joint planning of the Caltrain Corridor, and
to ask Senator Simitian to sponsor a bill calling for a new vote on HSR.

Bob Moss agreed with Mr. Borock that Guiding Principle No. 14 should
explicitly state that grade crossings would be paid for by the CHSRA, not
the cities. He stated the CHSRA was expecting several billion dollars in
funding to come from local governments, a plan which the City should
officially object to. He recommended a verification election, since the
information used to convince voters to support the original proposition was


                                     8                           11/14/2011
