Council Member Burt wasn't sure if Council Member Holmanâ€™s wording was
what she intended.   He understood Staff would incorporate Council's
comments into the report and then the report would go to the Rail
Committee.

Council Member Holman stated that was her intention.

Mayor Espinosa asked Staff what it considered CARRD's role in that process,
based on the comments made earlier.

Mr. Emslie indicated that Staff and CARRD would review the areas discussed
such as quantifying the term of construction impacts, records and research
for similar models, and quantifying property acquisition for grade separation.

Mayor Espinosa stated the Council would vote on the motion but would not
close Agenda Item No. 8 as there were other issues.

Council Member Shepherd inquired when Council received this report from
the Rail Committee as it was not indicated in the Packet. She explained her
residential property was located approximately seven rows away from
proposed train tracks, and felt the value would sustain more than a 5
percent impact when she sold her home. She felt economic and housing
impacts were important in determining the effects of HSR on the community.
She supported the motion.

Council Member Schmid understood the consultant to say that calculating
real property values utilizing market value rather than assessed value could
be expensive. He asked if Staff could do that.

Mr. Emslie didn't know if Staff could do that within the cap provided. He
agreed that assessed values were artificially low, and thought Staff could
update those numbers to be more accurate and to reflect current conditions.

Mayor Espinosa suggested the realtor community had extended data on
property values.

MOTION PASSED: 8-0 Klein absent

Mayor Espinosa indicated Staff did not have a presentation on the Caltrain
Capacity Analysis but would answer questions.

Mr. Emslie stated it was provided for information. He reported Staff had
invited Caltrain representatives, but they were unable to attend. He noted
the representatives would be rescheduled for a later time.


                                     18                          12/19/2011
