                                                            Special Meeting
                                                          January 10, 2011

The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 6:04 p.m.

Present:   Burt, Espinosa, Holman, Klein, Price arrived @ 6:30 p.m.,
           Scharff, Schmid, Shepherd, Yeh

Absent:

STUDY SESSION

1.   Update on Sustainable Communities Strategy (SB375) and Regional
     Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) Process.

Curtis Williams, Director of Planning and Community Environment, provided
an overview of the Sustainability Communities Strategy (SCS) and the
housing needs (RHNA) process. Mr. Williams explained that SB 375, enacted
in 2008, required the preparation of a strategy by the Association of Bay
Area Governments (ABAG) to outline land use and transportation patterns to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles by 15% below 2005 levels
by 2035. The strategy was likely based on the Planned Development Areas
(PDAs) specified by cities and counties across the region, and then
supplemented by other "opportunity" areas with potential for growth. The
process for developing the SCS will include meetings at the county or
corridor level, as well as at the regional level. The City of Palo Alto will
participate in meetings of the City/County Cities Association, Santa Clara
County City Managers Association, and Santa Clara County Association of
Planning Officials. Staff was also participating in the Regional Advisory
Working Group, comprised of city and county staff, other public agencies,
and nonprofits and other stakeholders.

The process will include preparation of a baseline population and
employment scenario, an Initial Vision Scenario, then subsequent Detailed
Vision Scenarios to refine likely growth options. The draft Sustainable
Communities Strategy will be released in late 2011 or early 2012.



                                                                01/10/2011
