Council Member Holman asked if financial institutions exempted from the
BID assessment process needed to be reviewed because of limitless
occupancies.

Mr. Emslie said that could be reviewed during the next reauthorization
process.

Council Member Holman asked if BID member appointments had been the
same since the organization started.

Mr. Fehrenbach said he could not speak for prior years but there had been
changes in the past year.

Council Member Holman said the Staff report indicated the Council had
appointed the first set of representatives and asked what the process was.

Anne Senti-Willis, BID Executive Board Chair said the Palo Alto Downtown
Business and Professional Association (PADBPA) bylaws had term limits and
a member could serve two consecutive, two-year terms and must sit out for
one-year before serving again.

Council Member Holman asked if the BID membership had an internal
process.

Ms. Senti-Willis said yes it did. A nominating committee was appointed
annually and one had been appointed in March. She said the item would be
agendized in May to discuss the status of the nominating committee and to
identify perspective candidates for next year’s annual election.

Council Member Holman asked if the opportunity to be a representative was
open to anyone who paid into the BID.

Ms. Senti-Willis said it was and that representatives were selected from
retail stores, banks, and commercial businesses.

MOTION: Mayor Espinosa moved, seconded by Council Member Klein to: 1)
preliminarily approve the Business Improvement District (BID) Advisory
Board’s 2012 Budget Report for the BID; and 2) adopt the Resolution of
Intention to Levy Assessments in the Palo Alto Downtown Business
Improvement District for Fiscal Year 2012.

MOTION PASSED: 7-0 Shepherd not participating, Yeh absent



                                    8                         05/02/2011
