STUDY SESSION

10.   Wireless Communications Facilities.

The Council conducted a Study Session on Wireless Telecommunications
Facilities, receiving presentations and commentary from Staff and Staff’s
Consultant, representatives from the wireless industry, the Joint Venture
Silicon Valley Network, local cities, and members of the public. The Council
expressed appreciation for Staff’s efforts to provide context for the
community on the subject, and noted their concerns and desires for future
conversations.

COUNCIL MEMBER QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

Council Member Shepherd reported on attending the Santa Clara Valley
Transportation Agency El Camino Corridor Rapid Transit meeting on Friday,
May 13, 2011. She advised they would be hosting a meeting in Council
Chambers on June 20, 2011 with all the information on the El Camino Rapid
Transit Corridor.

Vice Mayor Yeh reported on attending the Northern California Power Agency
annual lobbying effort in Washington, D.C. last week. Discussions centered
on hydropower legislation, clean energy standards, debt limit, and cyber
security.

Council Member Klein reported on attending the Santa Clara County Cities
Association (SCCCA) meeting last week where the discussion focused on; 1)
the process of redistricting for County Supervisors was underway based on
the recent census data, 2) the City of Los Altos was considering leaving the
PERS system, 3) the SCCCA was reducing annual membership dues for the
upcoming Fiscal Year, and 4) Santa Clara County Supervisor Liz Kniss would
be hosting a Caltrain meeting on May 17, 2011 in Council Chambers.

The City Council convened into the Closed Session at 11:16 P.M.

CLOSED SESSION

11.   CONFERENCE WITH CITY ATTORNEY -- EXISTING LITIGATION

      Subject: Sterling Park, et al. v. City of Palo Alto, Santa Clara County
      Superior Court, Case No. 109-CV-154134; California Court of Appeal,
      Sixth Appellate District Case No.: H036663

      Subject Authority: Government Code section 54956.9(a)

The City Council reconvened from the Closed Session at 11:23 P.M. and
Mayor Espinosa announced no reportable action.
                                      5                            5/16/2011
