of a proficient person with a high understanding of safety. The crossing
guards duty was more than a position, they needed to gain the trust of the
parents, teachers, and most importantly the children.

Aldeun Horton spoke highly of her company, All City, and how she enjoyed
working with the children.

David Creemer spoke highly of the Terman crossing guard, Michael, who
provided comfort to him as a parent in allowing his child to walk a short
distance to the school even though he has hearing and visual impairments.
He feared for the safety of his son if Michael was no longer present.

Penny Ellson thanked the crossing guards for their due diligence in creating
safety for her children. She shared her concern with the Traffic Safety Team
dropping from 17 to 4, she noted it was not possible to enforce and oversee
the traffic issues during the necessary times.

Karen Gibson spoke in advocacy for Michael, the Terman crossing guard and
how responsive the children and drivers were to his vocal direction. She
shared her concerns with transitioning to a new service in a monthâ€™s time.

Kerry Yarkin spoke highly of her crossing guard and noted the safety of the
children should be a high priority. She encouraged the Council to maintain
the current company or at the very least the crossing guards.

Stacey Ashlund spoke of the compliance that could be seen at the Juana
Briones intersection where upper aged children crossed and were respectful
of the crossing guards and rules. She understood City policy chose the
contractors although she requested the Council consider other options
without placing the City in jeopardy of a lawsuit.

Ethel Riley explained she had worked as a crossing guard at four separate
sites over the past six years. She did not feel it would be an easy transition
for the students and it was poor timing.

Sammy B. Williams feared for the safety of the children and felt mid-year
was the worst time to transition with respect to the winter season.

Trudy Wallick stated the crossing guards valued the children they protected
and the community of Palo Alto. She did not feel they deserved a decrease
in pay.

Barbara Shufro encouraged the Council to visit the Terman Middle school
crossing area to understand the need for guards such as Michael.


                                     12                           11/07/2011
