Mr. Mahar indicated credit was allowed for efforts to strengthen the building
to ensure it could withstand design-basis earthquakes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if the building would not collapse in the event of
an earthquake. He asked if an earthquake caused the building to collapse
and chemicals to mix, was that a threat.

Mr. Fickett reported CPI was safe during the Loma Prieta earthquake. Since
that time, the building had been seismically upgraded, the plate shop had
been rebuilt to a higher seismic standard, and the berm separating acid from
cyanide had increased.

Mr. Mahar stated the industry wrestled with this issue when considering
hazardous materials. There were specific State standards endorsed by
emergency responders and fire departments for actions to protect the
community and employees.          When an emergency response system
accounted for all foreseeable events, then the company had done its best
effort to protect employees and the community.

Vice Mayor Scharff asked if CPI legally must maintain quantities below Title
XIX thresholds, because it had reduced quantities to below those thresholds.

Mr. Fickett answered yes.

Vice Mayor Scharff inquired if CPI moved above threshold levels, would it be
a non-conforming use.

Mr. Fickett replied yes. Because CPI was not a new build, it was allowed to
have above Title XIX thresholds, but could not increase quantities more than
10 percent. Once it dropped below threshold levels, CPI was not allowed to
increase above threshold levels.

Vice Mayor Scharff stated CPI would not be above Title XIX thresholds in the
future.

Mr. Fickett answered yes.

Council Member Price asked CPI to discuss changes in the handling of
hazardous waste over the past few years and the assumptions it made about
that.

Mr. Denapi reported CPI used an outside vendor to dispose of waste it could
not treat in its waste treatment facility.



                                     14                           04/23/2012
