Mr. Williams said Category 3 or 4 would have the Architectural Review Board
review.

Council Member Schmid asked if the public was aware that different
standards were used.

Mr. Bernstein stated they used the same standards.

Council Member Schmid asked Mr. Bernstein if he disagreed with the process
of using outside peer review.

Marty Bernstein stated he did not disagree with the process. They just came
to different conclusions.

Council Member Schmid asked how the public should be answered when
there are disagreements.

Mr. Bernstein replied that there are prescriptive criteria and subjective
criteria and a challenge in deciding when there were cultural measures and
valuing historic resources on culture.

Council Member Klein asked if there was any authorization and referred to
the third amendment to Motion made by Commissioner Kohler regarding Bill
Busey’s ownership of the home.

Mr. Bernstein felt authorizations were handled in terms of non-living persons
and stated the reference to Mr. Busey was just a comment. He did not take
Busey’s ownership of the home into consideration as a reason for
significance of the project.

Council Member Klein asked Mr. Bernstein if he had read Page & Turnbull’s
Report.

Mr. Bernstein stated that he had not received or read Page & Turnbull’s
report and felt it was unfair for HRB to make a recommendation when they
were using a report that they had not reviewed.

Council Member Klein asked Mr. Bernstein to explain why HRB, the
architectural firms, and Staff Member Dennis Backlund came to different
conclusions.

Mr. Bernstein stated that HRB’s main focus was from the public’s point of
view and that they did not consider the interior changes important. The HRB
dealt only with the front facing façade.



                                     7                           01/09/2012
