                               MINUTES
Council Member Price asked if Staff had reviewed strong TDM programs in
other communities.

Mr. Rodriguez noted Birch Plaza was another project with TDM monitoring,
but it had not been constructed. He had reviewed many TDM plans in his
career, and Palo Alto required much more than most cities.

Council Member Price recalled concerns with other projects that access to
public areas was not clearly marked. She asked what measures would be
taken to ensure clear signage, recognizing there was an aesthetic to
signage.

Mr. Williams indicated the City had a condition in place requiring the
applicant to work with Transportation Staff regarding signage for the parking
garage.

Council Member Price inquired whether there were any restrictions on
parking during the periods when parking was available to the public.

Mr. Williams stated they could not be restricted. The public garages serving
retail areas had signs restricting parking to two hours between 8:00 A.M.
and 5:00 P.M., and that was acceptable.

Council Member Price asked for a brief description of the activity area behind
the tower, and asked if that was accessible to occupants of the building only.

Mr. Korth reported the roof would be used by occupants of the building. The
intention of the area was to allow people to enjoy the outdoors and views.
The number of occupants was limited, and they had placed planters in the
center of the spaces to reduce occupancy.

Council Member Price was impressed by the design elements of the project
and was comfortable with the public benefits.

Council Member Espinosa asked for a timeline for parking projects if the
project moved forward. He wanted to ensure Staff was setting proper
expectations with regard to timeframes and that the Council felt the
expectations were appropriate.

Mr. Williams expected to implement the Professorville trial parking permit
program in September. After three to six months, Staff would review a
permanent area as determined by the trial area. At that time, Staff would
meet with Downtown North. He wanted to split the contributions between
the two efforts. Staff was currently attempting to identify four or five sites
                                                                        Page 17 of 34
                                                                 City Council Meeting
                                                                    Minutes: 5/14/12
