                               MINUTES

Council Member Shepherd asked the applicant if 2,400 s.f. would work for a
caf√©.

Mr. Wood answered no.

Council Member Shepherd asked him to explain.

Mr. Wood explained a business had to earn at least $10 per square foot if
the rental rate was $1 per square foot. A 1,200 s.f. space would pay
approximately $3,000 per month in rent, and would need $1,000 per day in
revenue to break even. There was not a population in the area that would
support a business of more than 1,200 s.f. The rental rate would have to be
subsidized.

Council Member Shepherd could not support the Incorporated change if the
applicant could not locate a successful business. She asked if the applicant
would rather have flexibility in uses for a minimum of 1,200 s.f.

Mr. Janz understood the alternatives were 1,200 s.f. for a food and beverage
operation or 2,400 s.f. for some other retail use. That gave the applicant
flexibility. The applicant's first efforts would be to install a food and
beverage operation in 1,200 s.f.

Council Member Shepherd asked if the Maker of the Incorporated change
would change the square footage.

Council Member Klein stated there could be two or three uses in the 2,400
s.f. space.

Council Member Burt understood the applicant would accept either a 2,400
s.f. broader defined retail use or a 1,200 s.f. food and beverage use. He
would support that language, and it provided the applicant flexibility.

Mayor Yeh would support that language, because it provided the most
flexibility.

Council Member Holman felt the language of the Incorporated change could
be misleading, and suggested the language should be "in addition to
consideration for food and beverage." She asked Mayor Yeh to repeat his
comments.

Mayor Yeh felt the combination of choices provided the broadest latitude to
the applicant to achieve some kind of successful business at that location.


06/25/2012                                                            111-94
