                               MINUTES
Council Member Holman said that they were doing this because there were
concerns from the neighborhood about spill over parking. Council indicated
that perhaps addressing some of the issues might alleviate the parking in
the neighborhoods but there were many comments that evening about the
lack of transparency. She asked about the process moving forward and if it
was going to be an open process with public input.

Mr. Williams said it depended on the item, but he thought most of them
would be put together and a community meeting would be noticed before
Staff returned to Council. That would probably not happen before Staff
returned with the programmatic information, but it would before the end of
the year session.

Council Member Holman confirmed that the community meeting would
include more than the pilot area.

Mr. Keene said that they did not know the parameters of it at that point, but
the emergent neighborhood complaints alerted Staff that there was a large
challenge. Whatever was mitigated ten years ago when PAMF moved had
reemerged and Council was asking Staff to look at the parking challenge
accommodation of the 2010-2020 decade. There were many issues that
would touch many stakeholders. That required engagement and outreach.

Council Member Holman suggested more than one community meeting. The
reason she suggested not just the area that was included in the pilot was
because some of the people in that area were the most invested in the
dialogue. She wanted to make sure that it was not a self-selected group
again.

MOTION: Council Member Klein moved, seconded by Vice Mayor Scharff to
call the question.

MOTION PASSED: 5-3 Espinosa, Price, Shepherd no, Schmid absent

MOTION PASSED: 6-2 Espinosa, Price no, Schmid absent

Council Member Shepherd asked a question about the downtown cap and
the boundaries of the downtown cap. She said that the Arrillaga project
could be coming forward and she wanted to know how that was going to be
handled. She knew it was outside the boundary of the downtown cap and
asked if Staff would bring that analysis when they returned with the item.



                                                                       Page 42 of 47
                                                                City Council Meeting
                                                                   Minutes: 7/16/12
