There was no entitlement for the proposed projecting sign. An ARB hearing
was required because the sign exceeded all Sign Ordinance limits. The Staff
Report stated that the granting of the sign exception would potentially
improve the success of a grocery store where one had failed. Many factors
were involved in the failure of Miki's Market. The Staff Report also stated
that the sign provided visual interest and served to break up what would
otherwise be substantial massing at the back of the sidewalk and that the
sign's 91 square feet was a small portion of the building's nearly 7,000-
square-foot-Alma Street fa√ßade. The only notice neighbors received about
the ARB hearings related to the meeting held November 7, 2013. The
Appellant filed its appeal within the allowable time. The Appellant stood by
objections stated in the appeal and did not believe Staff sufficiently
countered those arguments.

Tom DuBois, Appellant, noted the proposed illuminated sign was unique in
mass and height. The proposed sign exceeded the size and location allowed.
The proposed sign did not meet the conditions for an exception. The Staff
Report indicated Starbucks was allowed a similar illuminated sign. There
was no other similar sign along Alma Street or El Camino Real. The closest
Grocery Outlet location was in Redwood City and did not have a projecting
blade sign. The exception set a bad precedent. The proposed sign would
extend 10 feet above the roofline and was visible on Park Boulevard.

Annette Glanckopf, Appellant, opposed the freeway-size sign and did not
consider it appropriate for a neighborhood center. The proposed blade sign
greatly exceeded the Municipal Code, did not enhance the site, and was not
compatible with residential surroundings. The proposed sign violated the
Sign Ordinance. Projecting signs were allowed to be 12 feet in height. The
proposed sign was 26 feet in height.

John McNellis, Applicant, stated the banner sign was slightly more than 100
square feet in size. He proposed a sign of 92 square feet. A hardship
existed in that three markets failed in the location. No other market was
interested in leasing the space.

Robert Moss noted that the Staff Report indicated the proposed sign met
requirements of the Sign Ordinance; however, it did not comply with the
Sign Ordinance. A sign of the proposed magnitude was not needed at the
site. Approving a sign extending above the roofline on Alma Street was
inappropriate. Allowing the sign would be a bad precedent.

Joe Hirsch reported few blade signs were installed along Alma Street and El
Camino Real. Existing blade signs were all small, none were very high, none
appeared to be illuminated, and none extended above the roofline. The


                                  11                  December 16, 2013
