The City Council of the City of Palo Alto met on this date in the Council
Chambers at 7:05 P.M.

Present:     Berman, Burt, Holman, Klein, Price, Schmid, Shepherd

Absent:      Kniss, Scharff

STUDY SESSION

1.    THIS ITEM WAS CANCELLED.

SPECIAL ORDERS OF THE DAY

2.    Presentation from Jim Lawson Regarding Valley Transportation
      Agency Transit and Road Projects.

Council Member Price reported the Santa Clara County Valley Transportation
Authority (VTA) expanded its effort to reach out broadly and effectively to
communities throughout Santa Clara County.

Jim Lawson, Santa Clara County Valley Transportation Authority, advised
that the VTA met a few weeks previously to present various projects that
would impact Palo Alto and the surrounding area. He introduced Ethan
Winston, who would be VTA's representative to Palo Alto. The Bus Rapid
Transit Project would improve trips and safety and make use of scarce land
resources. A Draft Environmental Impact Report (DEIR) was scheduled for
release on the El Camino Real segment with the public comment period
extended to late summer and local preferred alternatives due in the fall of
2014. Operations were tentatively scheduled to begin in the fall of 2018.
VTA was currently building the first phase of the Bay Area Rapid Transit
(BART) extension to Silicon Valley, from Warm Springs to Berryessa. The
Express Lane Project would convert existing carpool lanes into express lanes
which single-occupant vehicles could utilize for a fee. VTA's plans to add a
second track for light rail between the Mountain View and Whisman Stations
would commence in 2017. Significant service and physical improvements
would be made to transit to Levi's Stadium. VTA was working to improve
real-time information regarding bus and light rail transit. Within three
months, the Palo Alto Transit Center would be among the first to have live
information.




04/29/2014                                                          114- 516
