                         TRANSCRIPT
Mr. Dennis: Staff would be too. We just would like to have the direction
before we go down that road. Thank you.

Male: (inaudible)

Mayor Burt: Yeah. Frankly I'd find that within the prior guidance that the
Council had given, as we had said that we didn't want it to be—those
Committees to have to be Brown Acted.           I'm not sure what the
interpretation was.

Mr. Keller: The subcommittees are not Brown Acted; they're noticed. They
are subcommittees of a Brown Act Committee which has its own constraints.
Secondly, there is no problem with ad hoc, self-forming committees being
formed to have discussions out of—being not with Staff. However, that still
has to be constrained with not having Brown Act violations overall. With
that being said, the Staff process, as I understand it, with respect to
subcommittees is they're gathering data so that the subcommittee can
discuss it. Also, they're collecting information that the subcommittee puts
together so that the subcommittee doesn't have to do all the processing. I
think that is working reasonably well. Let's see how the process proceeds
before we figure out how to change it.

Mayor Burt: This is something that we don't necessarily have to resolve
tonight. We may need more information on it to see whether there should
or shouldn't be any tweaking. On that note, once again thank you to
everybody. Welcome to our world.

Inter-Governmental Legislative Affairs

None.

Council Member Questions, Comments and Announcements

Mayor Burt: Our final matter is Council Member Comments. I gladly see no
lights. On that note, the meeting's adjourned.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 12:07 A.M.




                                                                        Page 107 of 107
                                                                   City Council Meeting
                                                        Draft Action Minutes: 1/19/16
